[Notes]: 37 yo m with a pmh of sinus headaches s/p septal surgery and gerd who presented to the ed from clinic with fevers. he reports that he thought he had a uri for the last 3-4 days. then last night he developed high fevers and fatigue. sunday he began feeling as if he had a cold then monday began feeling achy this progressed on teusday and then teusday night he began having shaking chills and back pain. he went to see his pcp's office today. they noted a temperature of 102 and pleuritic chest pain and sent him to the ed for further work up because he was so ill appearing. he also notes a sore throat and productive cough with clear sputum, chills and rigors last night and pleuritic right chest pain. he had some nausea and dizziness as well. in the ed, his initial vital signs were t 98.9, hr 94, bp 96/54, rr 17, o2sat 100. he had a cxr which suggested rll pneumonia. he was ordered for levofloxacin, ceftriaxone and vancomycin as the ed was concerned over community acquired mrsa pneumonia given question of preceeding viral syndrome. lactate was elevated to 2.6; therefore, he was given 3l ns. however, his bps continued to drift to the low 90s when ivf were stopped. thus he is admitted to the hospital unit 1 for further managment. he denies n/v/d, numbness, tingling, and shortness of breath. he does complain of decreased urine output. review of systems is otherwise negative.
[Summary]: 37 year old man without significant past medical history who presents with fever, hypotension, leukocytosis, elevated lactate and right lower lobe pneumonia on chest x-ray, consistent with sepsis.
[Notes]: 59 y/o m with hx of hepatitis c cirrohsis who presents to the emergency room today with hematemesis. he had been feeling well except for mild fluid overload and back pain until yesterday when he spit up about a cupful of blood. he denies abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, cough, fevers, chills. has mild abominal pain and increased bloating. has chronic back pain as well. he denies bloody or melanotic stools. his last bm was this morning. he has diarrhea when he takes lactulose, but otherwise has pretty normal bms. of note, he had recently been hospitalized at hospital 1233 hospital and discharged a little over a week ago. he had problems with encephalopathy, increased fluid overload. he had a 3l paracentesis, but per him, no sbp. he was having fevers and chills at that time. also, while hospitalized, he was having difficulty breathing, but that improved with the paracentesis. in the ed, initial vs were t 97.2, p 79, bp 105/66, r 20, 97% on ra. patient was started on an octreotide gtt and given protonix 40 mg iv and zofran in the ed. he did not receive any blood products in the ed. on the floor, patient is in bed, comfortable except for his chronic back pain. does not complain of dizziness, light-headedness, stomach ache, nausea, vomiting. patient admitted from: hospital1 19 er history obtained from hospital 15 medical records
[Summary]: mr. brady is a 59 year old man with esld secondary to hepatitis c cirrhosis who presented with an episode of hemoptysis/hematemesis.
[Notes]: this is a 41 year-old female with a history of gastric bypass in 2092, seizure d/o, chonic back pain, h/o dilated cardiomyopathy now resolved (ef >55% 9/09) who presents with diarrhea and hypotension. patient was recently admitted and treated with c. diff colitis. she was initially treated with iv flagyl and po vanco, but was discharged on a 14 day course of po vanco (last day 12-7). the patient was also on tpn via a picc line that was d/c during that admission over concern for infection, although the culture remained negative. she also underwent a paracentesis that showed >250 polys, but gi felt it was reactive in the setting of pancolitis and not sbp. she was not treated with additional antibiotics and cultures returned no growth. in the ed, the patient arrived with sbp in the 60s and emergent right femoral line was placed and she was started on levophed. she was mentating and reported diarrhea, weakness and increased thrist. her stools were initially guaiac positive and she was given 1u prbc, hct returned 33 and no additional blood procducts were given. she was given 4l ns and intubated for agitation and mild respiratory distress (cmv, vt:450, peep 5, ratel 18, fio2 100%). her blood pressures improved to 105/64 on 0.09mcg/kg/min of levophed, but with hr 134. she underwent ct-scan of abd/pelvis that showed bibasilar opacities, small, and unchaged wall thickening consistent with pancolitis. her lactate was 3.7 and she was ordered for flagyl, iv vanco, and zosyn. patient admitted from: hospital1 5 er history obtained from medical records patient unable to provide history: sedated
[Summary]: mrs. flynn had been admitted to hospital1 18 with c. difficile pancolitis and discharged home at that time on po vancomycin.
[Notes]: 64-year-old with copd (no pft in omr), cad, aaa, htn presented with several days of worsening shortness of breath with some intermittent nonproductive coughs. no fevers, chills, chest pain, abdominal pain, changes in bowel habits. no lower extremity edema. no sick contact, no flu shot, no myalgias. in the ed, initial vs: t 100, hr 93, bp 164/108, rr 22, 81%ra. he was started on bipap. he received albuterol and ipratropium nebs, methylpred 125 mg iv x 1, ceftriaxone 1 gm x 1, azithromycin 500 mg x 1, mg sulfate 2 gm x 1. trop 0.05, ck normal, ecg unchanged from prior. prior to transfer to micu, hr 80, bp 105/48, rr 22, 99% on bipap. on arrival here, abg was 7.35/59/63/34. he was breathing comfortably on 5lnc. patient admitted from: hospital1 1 er history obtained from hospital 31 medical records
[Summary]: 64-year-old man with copd, cad, htn here with several days of shortness of breath, productive coughs, fever, most likely copd exacerbation in the setting of an infection.
[Notes]: justin jefferson 64 yo male hx of pvd, dm s/p renal transplant 2130. and ulcers. patient states that he has been nauseated with vomiting and diarrhea for the past 2 weeks. he reports having decreased food intaked and that he has not been able to take or keep his medications down consistently. he states that in the past when he has been hyperglycemic, he has not had nausea and vomiting like this. he also reports sob and doe for the past 4-5 days. he denies orthopnea and pnd. he reports some edema in his legs bilat which is a chronic problem. came to the er today because his wife finally made him after his temperature spiked to 102. patient also has chronic ulcers. his wife helps care for them and has not noticed any increasing erythema 2 days ago when last she changed the dressing. however, in ed, found to have swollen rle with right ulcers some and surrounding erythema concerning for celluliti. in ed found to be hyperglycemic with bs of 420 and ag 24. they treated him with sq insulin rather than an insulin drip because they were concerned about hypoglycemia. ed with q 1-2 hr fingersticks brought ag down to 16 currently. ed concerned about possible cellulitis started on vanco and unsyn for cellulitis. xray of leg did not show osteomyelitis. cxr clear. vascular was consulted and they took a foot cx. podiatry also saw patient. patient was going go to floor when inr came back at 20.0. patient then given ffp x1 unit and vit k. patient admitted from: hospital1 5 er history obtained from patient
[Summary]: mr. mills is a 64 yo male with a history of t1dm s/p cadoveric renal transplant, chronic rle ulcers, and ivc filter on coumadin, who was admitted with dka in the setting of one week of n/v, diarrhea and fevers.
[Notes]: mr. whittle is a 75 year old male with a history of hemorrhagic stroke 2 months ago admitted for shortness of breath. he was noted by vna to have labored breathing and was found to be hypoxic at home to 70s on ra. he was initially taken to location (un) 78, where cta showed massive bilateral pes. he was also found to be in a.fib with rvr which resolved with oxygen, but no nodal agents. he was started on a nitropaste and transferred to hospital1 1 for further management. patient reports that that he has had 2-3 weeks of rle edema, but was without sob, cp, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, melena, hematemasis. reports he is up to date on colonoscopy and psa and carries no cancer diagnosis. patient reports he was highly mobile over the summer, but over the past 2-3 months has been primarily bedbound due to sciatica symptoms and deconditioning after recent stroke. was prescribed lasix for le edema by pcp few weeks ago. also of note, patient underwent dental extraction of 7 teeth last week. in the ed, his vitals were 82, 108/92, 24, 96%. he got a cxr which showed no acute process. he got lenis with showed lle dvt. patient admitted from: hospital1 1 er history obtained from patient, family / friend
[Summary]: in summary, mr. gibbs is a 75 year old male with recent hemorrhagic stroke, htn, bph, hl, admitted for bilateral pe and lle dvt.
[Notes]: : this is a 53 y.o with ms, asthma with 2 days of cough, sob, fever to 102 per husband with increased agitation, ams and s/p unwitnessed fall per husband. in the ed, inital vitals were tm101.6, bp 129/60, hr 88, rr 16, sat 96% on 6l. abg 7.31/44/65. cxr found opacification of the l.lung with ?layering pleural effusion vs. lobar collapse. r.lung with patchy airspace opacity with concern for pna. pt given dose of levofloxacin and ceftriaxone. pt also given nebs and lorazepam. ekg unchanged, head/neck ct negative. per neurology, pt with limited o2 sats, advanced ms, sleep disturbances. upon speaking with pt's family, pt normal waxes and wanes in terms of alertness. has chronic pain. of note, pt admitted and tx for l.sided pna with flagyl/levo. however, abx switched to vanco/azithro/flagyl/cefepime. pt symptoms gradually improved. ros: unable to assess for complete ros as pt with altered ms. patient admitted from: hospital1 1 er history obtained from patient, family / hospital 380 medical records patient unable to provide history: encephalopathy
[Summary]: 53 y.o woman with h.o ms, asthma, chronic pain who presents with sob/cough/ fever s/p fall.
[Notes]: mr. poole is a 42 y.o. m with aids (cd4 65 on 2119-10-31), hepatitis c cirrhosis, recently discharged on 10-14 after a five day admission for abdominal pain, worsening ascites, jaundice and diarrhea, now presents with fever, and abdominal pain. . during his prior admission, he presented with abdominal pain, worsening ascites, jaundice, and diarrhea. ct scan on admission showed ?colitis. stool cultures and cmv were negative. he underwent egd and colonoscopy which were unrevealing. biopsies were negative. he underwent therapeutic paracentesis, removing 3.2 liters of ascites. he was started on immodium for diarrhea, lasix, and aldactone. the patient mentions that 1 week ago he started having diarrhea with dark stools. about 3 days ago, he had worsening abdominal pain and chills. he has been having 3-8 bowel movements per day, which is more than usual even with taking lactulose and january/day (3) 9723. he has had poor po intake over the past 3 days secondary to nausea and vomiting. emesis has been non bloody, non bilious. patient denies any cough, shortness of breath, or chest pain. no brbpr. no dysuria. he does not believe his abdomen is larger than baseline. . in the ed, initial vs: 98.2, 63, 81/41, 20, 100%. he was found to have diffuse abdominal tenderness, and brown, guaiac positive stool. abdominal paracentesis was attempted twice, however was stopped due to superficial bleeding. given inr of 3.3, further attempts were not pursued. hepatology was consulted. initial labs revealed hyponatremia to 126, bun/creat 58/4.4. lft's were elevated including ast 517, alt 174, alk phos 170, and tbil 26.8. lipase was elevated at 70. lactate 2.1. he had a leukocytosis of 11.2 with 71% pmn's. he received levofloxacin 750 mg, vancomycin 1 g empirically for community acquired pneumonia, with flagyl for abdominal coverage, and bactrim. he also received pantoprazole 40mg x1. ct abdomen/pelvis revealed colitis. he received 2l iv fluids. on transfer, vital signs were hr 56 bp 97/43 rr 23 100% on ra. . . currently, the patient has some mild abdominal pain and weakness, but no other complaints. . ros: denies night sweats, headache, vision changes, rhinorrhea, congestion, sore throat, cough, shortness of breath, chest pain, constipation, brbpr, hematochezia, dysuria, hematuria.
[Summary]: mr. white is a 42 year old man with aids and hcv with decompensated cirrhosis who presented on 11-6 with fevers and abdominal pain with hypotension requiring icu admission.
[Notes]: history of presenting illness: 90 yo m w/ chf, cad s/p cabg in 2137, with lima->lad, svg->pda, svg->plb, svg->ri, with cabg ri revision in 2147, s/p pacemaker for sick sinus and s/p st. jude's valve for avr who presented to the ed with worsening sob, chest pain x 2 days. of note, pt intubated/sedated and history primarily obtained by patient's sister-in-law who is the de facto hcp (not official). the patient's wife was currently unable to provide a history at the time. the patient's sister-in-law describes the patient feeling increasingly short of breath and feverish (no temperature recorded at home). she notes that when the patient becomes fluid overloaded, he typically develops a cough with respiratory distress, however, this time no cough or sputum either. the patient was also complaining of chest pain x 1 day, which unfortunately cannot be further delineated based on this limited history. the patient's sister-in-law also notes the patient has been consuming a high sodium diet. she denies sick contacts, recent travel, sweats, chills, nausea, vomitting, diarrhea, constipation, black/red stools, headaches, back pain, abdominal pain. because of worsening respiratory distress, the patient asked his wife to call ems. in the ed, initial vitals were 97.1 150/94 87 32 and 80s on ra. he occasionally dipped to 70s. the patient was later found to be hypertensive to 222/94. the patient was then placed on a nitro gtt. the patient's cxr revealed pulmonary edema and was given lasix 40mg iv once and made 400cc of urine. the patient remained hypoxic. bipap was attempted without success. abg revealed 7.39/54/326. the patient was successfully intubated after one pass and cxr confirmed proper placement. the patient subsequently dropped his pressures to 93/38 and was given a 500cc bolus. unfortunately, a medication reconciliation sheet was not available. per report and omr, he was also given ceftriaxone 1gm iv once, levofloxacin 750mg iv once, asa 600mg pr once. the patient was also given albuterol/ipratropium nebs x 2, midazolam 2mg/2ml/fentanyl 100mcg/2ml once for sedation. the patient arrived to the floor seeming to be breathing synchronously with the ventilator. he did not appear in acute distress. he nodded afirmative to pain, but could not specify where. no overnight events. past medical
[Summary]: 90 year old russian-speaking male with history of diastolic chf, cad s/p cabg in 2137 and revision in 2147, ppm for sick sinus s/p replacement 6 weeks ago and as s/p who presented to the ed with worsening sob and chest pain x 2 days, found to have pseudomonas bacteremia.
[Notes]: this patient is a 65 y/o m with history of dmix35 years (a1c 6.7), kidney tx in 2165, transferred from hospital3 2089 ed where he presented with fatigue x5 days, worsening edema and mild dyspnea on exertion. he was was in the er to have acute on chronic renal failure with a creatinine of 5.6, hyponatremia to 113 and ? pna on chest xray. patient reports feeling extremely week for the past 5 days. he c/o extreme fatigue preventing him from getting up on his own. he denies fevers, chills. he complains of some difficulty breathing and orthopnea for the past week. he has been nauseated with dry heave for the past 5 days. he has also noticed increased scrotal edema x1 month and periorbital edema occassionally for the past month. he has had worsening le edema since january  807 and was started on lasix in the beginning of january  . he reports no change in his urination, denies frequency or burning. no changed in the color. his stool has changed, as he goes about 3 times a day now, and previously he was constipated. he also reports decreased po intake his issues started around last january   when he had an epsidode of vomitting in the setting of 4 days of constipation. this resolved, but he remained weak since then. he went to state 2090 for a week at the end of january  51 and that is when he first noticed swelling in his feet. he recalls that the swelling has been getting worse slowly since then. he finally called his nephrologist dr. bryan in the middle of month who scheduled an echo and requested him to have his labs drawn. he also adjusted the dosages of his tacro. the patient went to hospital3 2089 7-22 or low blood sugar and again 2177-7-28 because he was feeling very weak. at that time he was found to have low sodium and chloride and low blood count and was given 2 units of blood and 2 bags of ns (according to wife). he felt much better after this admission, was able to take long walks with his wife, and his appetite returned. this last until 5 days ago when he started with the above symptoms. in the ed his blood pressure ranged from 151-208/77-106, t 97, hr 65-79, rr 16 sat 100% ra. he was fiven levaquin 750mg iv, lasix 80mg iv, labetolol 10mg iv, compazine 10mg iv. he put out 1300 cc lasix
[Summary]: patient is a 65 year old male with type one diabetes mellitus, renal transplant in 2165, gastroparesis, who presented with fatigue, hyponatremia, worsening edema, dyspnea on exertion, and worsening renal insufficiency who was transferred from an outside hospital for further management.
[Notes]: mr. lucas is a 49 year old male with a pmh of copd (fev1 1.7 3-16), cad s/p imi, htn, dmii, osa on cpap who presents with increasing shortness of breath, dizzyness, and bilateral lower extremity swelling over the past 2 weeks. the patient felt like he was fighting a cold 2 weeks ago and took airborne. his symptoms improved, but then he developed a runny nose and post nasal drainage and began coughing grey sputum from his lungs. his dyspnea occurs primarily with movement/exertion, not at rest. over this time period he has also developed worsening bilateral lower extremity edema that has been painful at times at the ankles. he denies any prior history of lower extremity edema. he has also been waking up at night sitting up on the side of his bed with his cpap mask off and feeling somewhat confused. he has had a decreased appetite for the last 3-4 days with decreased po intake. he has also felt "dizzy" and when asked to clarify this states that he has felt lightheaded, as if he would faint, at times. he presented to the hospital 319 clinic earlier today and was noted to have a heart rate of 120 with an 02 sat of 78%. he was sent to the ed for further evaluation. vitals on presentation to the ed were t 99.1, bp 136/90, hr 100, o2sat of 96% on a non-rebreather mask. he received aspirin 325 mg po, levofloxacin 750 mg iv, and lasix 10 mg iv. ros: as above. in addition he also endorses diarrhea yesterday only that has since resolved. he chronically sleeps on 2 pillows at night and has to sleep on his left side as he cannot breathe if he lays on his back. he also uses cpap at night. he has had no fevers, chills, vertigo, headache, chest pain, melena, brbpr, myalgias, arthralgias, or dysuria. patient admitted from: hospital1 55 history obtained from hospital 85 medical records
[Summary]: 49 year old male with copd (fev1 1.7 3-16), cad, htn, dmii, osa on cpap who presents with sob and le swelling transferred to the unit for hypercarbic and hypoxic respiratory failure.
[Notes]: ms. nguyen is a 70 y/o female with dilated cardiomyopathy (ef 20%), t2dm, htn, and hypothyroidism who presented to hospital1  location (un) 250 ed with 2 days of worsening dyspnea and chest pain. pt also reported 2-3 days of intermitttent, diffuse back pain. upon arrival to the ed, vitals were bp 164/77, hr 92, rr 34, 71% o2 sat on ra. she reported 1-2 days of worsening dyspnea and 11-12 sscp, no radiation or associated symptoms. sats improved to 100% on nrb. she was given 1 sl nitro, which decreased her cp to 6-12 but also dropped her bp to 83/42. ekg without any acute st changes, evidence of av pacing. she was given lasix 40 mg iv x 1 with marked improvement in her symptoms and able to wean her oxygen to 4l nc, satting 98%. foley was placed. cxr reportedly revealed pulmonary edema but report did not accompany patient. she was given another 40 mg of iv lasix. she was also given asa 325 mg. the decision was made to transfer to hospital1 19 ccu for further diuresis in the setting of hypotension. upon arrival to the ccu, she was in nad and hemodynmically stable. bp was 106/54 and hr 72, satting 100% on 4l nc, quickly weaned to 2l nc. she still complained of 5-13 chest pain. upon further questioning, she explained that there were no recent changes in her medication regimen. she admits to using salt on her food but not a large amount. followed by a cardiologist at location (un) 2544-location (un) 3354. she saw him about 3 weeks ago and per her report no changes were made to her medications. denies f/c. denies n/v/d/abdominal pain. denies urinary symptoms. denies palpitations or pnd. usually sleeps at an incline so difficult to know if orthopnea worsened. no recent travel. ros otherwise n/c. of note, pt is a poor historian.
[Summary]: hospital1 18 ekg: mostly v-paced, occasional pvcs, no acute st changes,  70 f with idiopathic cardiomyopathy (ef 20% in 6-10), t2dm, htn, and hypothyrodism who presents with worsening doe and chest pain.
[Notes]: this is a 57 year-old spanish-speaking only male with h/o dts and withdrawal seizures who presents with witnessed seizure by son at home. he reports that his last drink was friday and he did not drink sat/sun because he did not have any alcohol available. tremulous, diaphoretic at home over the weekend; then had a tonic-clonic seizure reported by son. in the ed, vitals upon presentation t 97.3 hr 116 bp 131/86 rr 18 97%ra. he was given 20mg iv valium then 10 mg iv valium, vomited once. afebrile. also received kcl 40meq po and 40 meq iv and mgso4 2gm iv in the ed. he was started on a banana bag and admitted to the icu for further management. ros: denies f/c. denies cp or sob. denies hematemesis. denies melena or hematochezia. denies urinary symptoms. admits to diffuse, mild abdominal pain. upon arrival to the icu, he was hemodynamically stable. history and physical exam done with a spanish interpreter present. patient admitted from: hospital1 19 er history obtained from patient, hospital 1330 medical records
[Summary]: 57 year-old male with alcoholism and history of withdrawal seizures who presented after s/sx alcohol withdrawal including seizure on 2104-2-4 with admission to hospital unit 153, 3 days after most recent drink.
[Notes]: history was obtained from ed and medical records as patient arrived to somnolent to answer questions. 31 yo female with hx of seizure disorder, etoh abuse and medication non-compliance who presents to the ed after having a seizure at work. patient states she has been very stressed out both at home and at work, states she has not been sleeping well. she has been drinking a lot of water and alcohol lately, and not eating very well. while at work she had a generalized tonic clonic seizure of unknown duration with eyewitnesses. her last seizure prior to that was in january  8, again patient attributes this to increased stress and poor sleep. in the ed, initial vs were: 98.2 110 166/100 18 99%. she was noted to be hyponatremic and felt to be hypovolemic as well. she was given 1.5 l of ns with correction of na from 124 to 130. additionally she received 4 mg of lorazepam for witnessed seizure with symptoms of eye deviation, body stiffening, followed by post-ictal phase. neurology saw her and feels her current seizures are from the hyponatremia. they recommended icu admission for close monitoring during na correction and she was loaded with 1 gm of keppra iv. on the floor, patient is noted to be somnolent with slow responses to questions. review of (-) unable to respond to ros .
[Summary]: 30 f with seizure disorder, etoh abuse who presents after a seizure and found to have hyponatremia.
[Notes]: mr. edwards is a 24 year old man with a history of non-ischemic cardiomypathy (ef 15-20%) and morbid obesity who presents with shortness of breath, lower extremity edema and abdominal distention for the past 2 weeks. he states that on the day of admission (2191-12-24) he felt short of breath and a chest tightness described as "pulling" sensation in the center of his chest, worse with deep inspiration. he reports decreased expercise tolerance and is only able to ambulate 12-22 a block (previously could ambulate several blocks). he can climb 1 flight of stairs. he denies dietary indiscretion and states he has been taking all medications as prescribed. he has 3 pillow orthopnea which has worsened in the past few weeks. he denies overt chest pain, pnd, diarrhea, constipation, fever, chills, night sweats, nausea, vomiting, dysuria. ros is positive for chronic cough x 1 year. on review of systems, he denies any prior history of stroke, tia, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. he denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. he denies exertional buttock or calf pain. all of the other review of systems were negative. cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope. in the ed, initial vitals were 99.6 63 146/95 32 95% ra. he triggered in the ed for tachypnea with a rr of 32 and his hr was 110-120s and sinus during his ed stay. he received 1 sl ntg, asa 325mg and lasix 40mg iv x 1, to which he put out 850ml of urine and reported feeling improvement in symptoms. patient admitted from: hospital1 1 er history obtained from patient
[Summary]: mr. tate is a 24 year old man with a history of non-ischemic cardiomyopathy, nyh class ii chf, ef 15-20% who presents with doe/sob over one month, acutely over one week.
[Notes]: mr. mann is a 24 yo m with non-ischemic cardiomyopathy (ef 25% in 9-28) who was admitted for right heart cardiac catherization and aicd placement today. he is being transferred to the ccu after difficulty with extubation s/p cath. patient was recently admitted to the ccu from 2192-12-23 - 2192-12-26 with acute congestive heart failure in the setting of dietary non-compliance. he was scheduled to have his aicd placed today under general anesthesia per recommendation by dr. strickland. per anesthesia, patient was a difficult intubation due to his body habitus, and was maintained on a phenylephrine gtt in order to maintain his blood pressures during the procedure (sbps in 100s-120s). he underwent rhc which showed elevated wedge, pa, rv, and ra pressures (see hemodynamics below). he had a company  single chamber icd placed through cutdown of left cephalic vein without complication. he was continued on a neo gtt which was weaned at 5 pm, and remained off pressors for 4 hours prior to ccu transfer. patient was transitioned to ps 9-29 in an attempt at extubation in the pacu, but these attempts were unsuccessful due to tachypnea and secretions requring continuous secretions. patient was also noted to be difficult to sedate during ventilation and was maintained on propofol 70 mcg/kg/min. a-lines attempts in both radial arteries by anesthesia were unsuccessful. it was thought that the failure to extubate was due to body habitus and pulmonary edema. prior to transfer to ccu, vs were 98.6 112/48 110 20 100% on cpap with peep of 10 and fio2 of 50%. he received 20 mg of iv lasix in the pacu and was transferred to the ccu for further management. ros unable to be obtained due to patient being intubated and sedated.
[Summary]: 24 yo m with non-ischemic cardiomyopathy admitted to ccu after failure to extubate s/p elective aicd placement and right heart cath.
[Notes]: mrs. kelly is a very pleasant 69 year old female with past medical history of esophageal and breast cancer. she is currently undergoing treatment with cisplatin, 5-fu, and radiation. her last treatment was 2178-9-21, and her omed team has been treating her for nausea, fatigue, and poor po intake. hospital unit 10 team was called for evaluation on 2178-9-24 after patient had episode of hematemesis. patient reports that she was sleeping and awoke with substernal chest discomfort. shortly thereafter, she vomitted approximately 150 cc of bright red bloody emesis. she was noted to be slightly tachycardic with a heart rate to the 110's. of note, her platelet count was 19,000 on morning of hematemesis. the moonlighter discussed the patient with her oncology attending; it was felt that transfer to the hospital unit 10 was appropriate given that her short term prognosis was felt to be favorable. omed moonlighter initiated iv ppi/h2 blocker, transfusion of 2 units of platelets, morphine for pain control, and stat laboratories to check cbc and coags. an ekg demonstrated st elevation in avr/v1. upon evaluation on the floor, patient was laying quietly. she reported that at the moment, she felt well, though could still sense some of the pain.
[Summary]: 69 yo woman with ho stage iii esophogeal carcinoma on day 6 of cycle 2 of cisplatin/5-fu, presents with nausea, fatigue, poor po intake.
[Notes]: 72 y/o m with h/o s/p bms x 2 to mid-lad who presented to osh with chest pain. patient awoke from his sleep at approx 11pm 12-14 with 10/10 chest pain that prompted him to seek ems. patient describes as a pressure across his chest with radiation to both of his arms. reports associated sob, nausea and states that presentation is similar to his in 2182. patient's initial vitals at osh were bp 148/100, hr 94, 99%ra. patient was found to have anterior st elevations on ecg and was given asa 325mg, plavix loaded, and started on ntg and eptifibatide gtts. patient's nausea was controlled with zofran, and given lopressor 5mg iv x 1. the patient was transferred to hospital1 5 for cardiac catheterization. on transfer, patient's bp was 124/74 on ntg gtt. patient was not started on heparin gtt at osh as there was concern for widened mediastinum. during cardiac catheterization, patient was found to have proximal mid-lad late stent thrombosis. patient had thrombectomy and had 1 placed overlapping prior proximal bms. d1 with 70% lesion, distal 50% lad lesion that appears old. rca with mild luminal irregularies. the patient was continued on integrillin. on review of systems, he denies any prior history of stroke, tia, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, bleeding at the time of surgery, myalgias, joint pains, cough, hemoptysis, black stools or red stools. he denies recent fevers, chills or rigors. he denies exertional buttock or calf pain. all of the other review of systems were negative. cardiac review of systems is notable for current resolution chest pain. denies paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea, ankle edema, palpitations, syncope or presyncope.
[Summary]: in brief this a 72 year old man with cad, htn and hyperlipidemia who presented with stemi and noted to have stenosis of the lad.
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26 yo female who is here for follow-up following an ED visit for palpitations 2 weeks ago. She had a normal workup in the ED consisting of CBC, metabolic panel, cardiac enzymes and and ECG. She states that she has a 5 yr hx of palpitations with SOB, throat tightening, nause and clamminess. these have been increasing in frequency in the past few weeks to 1-2x a day until 2 weeks ago when she had associated numbness in her fingers. She states that there are no precipitating events and these stop on their own. She endorses recent life stressors having bought a condo 3 months ago and lost her job 2 months ago.  She denies fevers, chills, changes in skin/hair/nails or chest pain/tightness. She denies vision or hearing changes. 



PMH: none, Meds: none, Allergies: none, Surgeries: None, Family hx: none

Social: denies caffeine, tobacco, alcohol, and drug use. Is in a monogomous relationship and has sex with condoms
[Summary]: Edie Whelan is a 26 yo female with a 5 year hx of palpitations, SOB, throat tightening, nausea, and clamminess who presented for follow-up after an ED visit two weeks ago.
[Notes]: Dillon Cleveland is a 17 yo male with no PMH presenting for heart pounding. Episodes over the last 2-3 months of sensation of heart jumping out of chest. Episodes last 3-4 minutes. Total of 5-6 episodes in this time. Self resolve without know alleviating factors. No known triggers or exacerbating factors. Most recent episode accompanied by chest pressure, SOB, and lightheadedness. Denies headache, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. Patient exercises, eats a healthy diet, has a stable appetite, no weight changes or sleep changes. Patient in college and taking unprescribed Aderall.



ROS negative except as above

PMH none

PSH none

Meds none prescribed. Taking friend's Aderall for help studying

NKDA

FH mother with thyroid problems, father had MI at age 52

SH denies tobacco. Drinks 3-4 beers on weekends, CAGE 0/4. Did marijuana 1 time, denies other drug use. Sexually active with girlfriend, using condoms. Attends college.
[Summary]: Dillon Cleveland is a 17 yo male with no PMH presenting for heart pounding episodes over the last 2-3 months. Patient exercises, eats a healthy diet, has a stable appetite, no weight changes or sleep changes, and is taking unprescribed Aderall.
[Notes]: HPI: Pt is a 26yo F presenting for f/u of palpitations. Pt has had hx of palpitations since 5 years ago but in the recent 3 weeks, has had an increase in episodes to 1-2/day. 2 weeks ago, she had an episode where her fingers became numb and she presented to the ER. EKG and blood work were done and were normal. Pt describes episodes as feeling like she's dying with heart racing, throat tightening, nausea, SOB and feelings of warmth and clamminess. Episodes last 15-30min. There are no exacerbating factors and no alleviating factors. She denies any vomiting, chest pains, weakness, dizziness, recurrent numbness in extremities. 

ROS: (-) other than listed above

PMH: none

PSH: none

Meds: none

Allergies: none

FH: none

SH: lives alone but has good social support from boyfriend and mother, is stressed because she lost her job recently, denies alcohol/tobacco/drug use
[Summary]: 26 yo female presenting for follow up of palpitations. Pt has had hx of palpitations for 5 years, but in the past 3 weeks, has had an increase in episodes to 1-2/day. 
[Notes]: Pt is 17 y/o male with 'heart pounding.'

States he has had intermittend heart pounding for past 3-4 months that occur about 1-2x month. States they occur at random and are not associated with any aggrevating factors. Time makes them go away. Most recent episode happened 2 days ago when playing soccer and was associated with SOB, pre-syncope, and chest pressure. He has been taking a friend's adderol and had two doses within about 12hrs prior to recent episode. No weight changes, bowel changes, heat intolerance, or increased anxiety. normal mood, no diaphoresis, no hx of syncope. 

Med hx- none

Meds- Adderol (non-perscribed)

NKDA

Fam hx- father with MI, mother with thyroid dysorder

Soc hx- No tobacco, 3-4 beers on weekends, tried marajuana, sexually active-uses protection
[Summary]: 17 y/o male presenting with intermittent heart pounding episodes for past 3-4 months that occur 1-2x month, not associated with any aggrevating factors. Most recent episode associated with SOB, pre-syncope, and chest pressure
[Notes]: HPI: 35 YO G0P0  F c/o of heavy bleeding for 6months. Her periods was nml before that. Had LMP at age 14. Changes pads every hour, no cramping, spotting, , NO VAGINAL DISCHARGE.. Has been trying to get pregnant for some yrs now but no luck. Pos h/0 weight gain 10-15 lb in 6months. Fells tired sometimes. Neg h/o of n/ v, belly pain, fever, hirsutism, vaginal itching or dryness, cold intolerance, dyspareunia, 

ROS: neg except ass above

ALLERGY:none

MEDS:none

PMH: none

PSH:none

FH: aunt, died of breast cancer

SH:no smoking or etoh intake, no h/o STD
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presenting with heavy bleeding for 6 months, no cramping, spotting, or vaginal discharge. Trying to get pregnant for years with no luck. No other symptoms except for 10-15 lb weight gain in 6 months.
[Notes]: 35yo M presents with stomach pain for past 2months.

- occurs 2-3x/day and lasts 1-2hrs

- mid-stomach burning/nawing pain that doesn't radiate

- feels bloated after eating

- used to get relief with Tums but doesn't any longer. No exacerbating or alleviating factors

- no prior experience with similar sx

- works in construction, takes Motrin regularly for muscle aches

ROS: + fatigue, darker stools; - heartburn, weight change, mood changes, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, hematuria, hemoptysis

Diet: fast food. PMH: muscle strains. No surgeries. FHx: uncle with bleeding ulcer. Not sexually active. Tobacco: 1/2-1 pack/day for 20yrs, no drug use. Decreased alcohol use recently.

Recent stressors include separating from wife over past year.
[Summary]: 35yo male presenting with mid-stomach burning/nawing pain for past 2 months, 2-3x/day and lasting 1-2hrs, feels bloated after eating, no longer gets relief with Tums, works in construction
[Notes]: 26 yr old female presenting for follow up post presentation at emergency department x 2 wks previous with palpitations with associated finger numbness, symptoms had relieved prior to presentation at ED. 

history of 5 years of palpitations, worse in the last 3 months, of note bought a condo 4 months ago, and lost her job 3 months ago. 

Palpitations associated with diaphoresis, nausea, feels throat closing up, SOB, last about 15-30mins, no aggrevating or relieving factors

No pmhx - does not attend any doctors normally 

NKDA, no regular medications 

no family history 

lost her job x3/12, non smoker, non drinker, 

ROS - nil
[Summary]: 26yo female presenting for follow up post presentation at emergency department 2 weeks prior with palpitations with associated finger numbness. 5 years of palpitations, worse in the last 3 months, associated with diaphoresis, nausea, feels throat
[Notes]: 35y/o M with CC of stomach problems. Started 2 months ago , progressively worse, with epigrastic pain, non radiating, 5/10, intermitent, burning pain, first was once /week now 2-3time per week. Last time was yesterday. Nothing makes it better, was at fisrt relieved with tums, nothing makes it worse. not assocaited with food. Endoreses black tarry stools or 2 weeks sometimes stools are formed. . No diarrhea or constilpation or fevel chills, Patient takes Motrim once a week for back pain . postive for fatigue no sick contact, no travel 

ROS : negative except as stated above 

PMHX: back back/ spasm for 6 yearsmeds: motrim x 1 week

Surguery hospit: denies 

Allergies : NKDA

FHx: uncle with bleeding ucler 

SOc: smoking 1-1.5 packs/day for 20 years, stopped drinking, no drugs

contrction worker 

Sex: denies
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presenting with epigastric pain for the past 2 months, progressively worsening, 5/10, intermittent, burning pain, relieved with Tums initially, associated with black tarry stools, takes Motrin once a week
[Notes]: Mrs. Montgomery is a 44-year-old G2P002 who presents with a 3 year history of irregular periods and recent hot flashes, vaginal dryness, and difficulty sleeping. Prior to this her periods were regular and occuring every 28-days. They lasted for 5 days. She occasionallly had PMS like symptos with her periods. Now her periods are unprodictable and last from 2-6 days when they occur. She denies spotting or abnormal vaginal discharge. She has noticed vaginal dryness but is able to use lubricant to help prevent pain with coitis. She is unsure when her mom went into menopause. She does not feel excessive amounts of stress at home. She denies skin changes, constipation, changes in vision, nipple discharge, headaches, changes in mood.

ROS: see HPI, no recent changes in weight.

PMHx: HTN

PSHx: na

ob: G
[Summary]: 44 y/o G2P002 presenting with 3 year history of irregular periods and recent hot flashes, vaginal dryness, and difficulty sleeping. Periods are unpredictable and last from 2-6 days when they occur. Denies spotting or abnormal vaginal
[Notes]: 35yoM with PMH of back pain and spasms presenting with two months of worsening epigastric pain. Epigastric pain began two months ago as a gnawing, burning pain. initally pain was once per week, now worsening to 2-3 times per day, lasting 1-2 hours and rated as a 5/10. Previously alleviated by Tums, no exacerbating factors. No relationship notes to meals. Patient has noticed dark brown stools but no frank hematochezia or blood on toilet paper. reports formed stools. Reports some bloating and early satiety, has had to eat smaller meals. No difficulty swallowing or neck pain. Reports some nausea, never vomited. No headaches, fever, dysuria, polyuria, chest pain or SOB. No weight loss

PMH: back pain and back spasms treated with motrin

Meds: motrin 2 pills per week

Surgeries:none

Family: paternal uncle with bleeding ulcer 

Social: cigarettes .5-1ppd for 20 years, previously drank alcohol but has abstaining, no drugs. In construction


[Summary]: 35yo male with PMH of back pain and spasms presenting with two months of worsening epigastric pain. Pain is gnawing, burning, 5/10, 2-3 times per day, lasting 1-2 hours, previously
[Notes]: 45-year-old female with episodes of nervousness for the past 3-4 weeks. feels anxious. constant. gets worse on sunday night and monday morning. no relieving factor . having stress  at work and at home. poor sleep and poor appetite.  no tremor, palpitation, sweating,chest pain, hair or skin change. no bowel habit change. no weight loss. no headache. no heat intolerance. 

ros: negative except as above

pmh: none

psh: none

meds: tylenol to relieved stress and anxiety

allergy: none

ob/gyn: LMP 1 week ago. regular period

sh: no cig, drug use. occasional driking. english literature professsor. 

fh: father died of heart attack. mother alive.
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with episodes of nervousness for the past 3-4 weeks, constant, worsens on Sundays and Mondays, associated with stress at work and at home, poor sleep and appetite, takes Tylenol for relief.
[Notes]: HPI 20 yo F c/o severe, progressive dull headache x 1 day. Pain is all around the head, no radiation, 8 on a scale of 10 and constant. Associated photophobia, 3 episodes of vomiting food and bile + nausea, no phonophobia. Tylenol and ibuprofen, sleeping did not relieve the pain. Complains of fever, but did not check her temperature. LMP was 2 weeks ago. no sick contact.

ROS NOn LOC, paraesthesia, seizures, abdominal pain, rashes or joint pain. scartchy t

PMH None

PSH None

Meds OCPs, tylenol, ibuprofen as needed

Allergies NKDA

FH Migraines in mother

SH works in a sporting goods store. No EtOH, smoking or recreational drug use.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with severe, progressive, dull headache all around the head, 8/10, constant, associated with photophobia, 3 episodes of vomiting food and bile, nausea, fever, takes Tylenol and ibup
[Notes]: HPI: 45 y/o F c/o nervousness for the past 2 w, she admits some change in her life that make her more stressed out, a recent job changes and family changes, she denies any tremor, palpitations, or skin changes, but she is having some trouble falling asleep, she c/o occasional headaches, that are relieved with Tylenol, she reports loss of appetite for about 2 w, she admits drinking about 5-6 cups of coffee/d , 

ROS negative except as above

PMH none

PSH none

MEDS Tylenol

ALL NKDA, 

FH noncontributory

occupation eglish professor

SH negative x 3

sexually active with husband
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with episodes of nervousness for the past 2 weeks, associated with recent job and family changes, occasional headaches relieved with Tylenol, loss of appetite for 2 weeks, drinking 5-6 cups of coffee/day.
[Notes]: A 20-year-old female, has come to the doctor's office complaining of a severe headache since yesterday morning.  She says the headache is diffuse all over her head.  She rates 8/10 and it is a constant dull headache and it's getting worse.   The headache doesn't radiate

- Ibuprofen doesn't seem to help with the headache.

- Walking and bending over makes it worse.

- Endorses feeling warm, vomitting, photophobia with hands covering her eyes, dizziness.

ROS:  negative except as above.

PMH:  None

Allergies: None

Meds:  OCPs

PS/Hosp/Trauma:  None

Family Hx:  Mother has migraine.  Father has high cholesterol

SH:  Nonsmoker, occasional 2-3 beer/day.  Smoke 3-4 joint /week

OB:  LMP 2 weeks ago.  Regular periods every 28 days.  PAP normal last year.


[Summary]: 20 y/o female with severe, diffuse, 8/10, constant dull headache since yesterday morning, associated with feeling warm, vomiting, photophobia, dizziness, worsened by walking and bending over, not relieved with ibuprofen, mother
[Notes]: 26 yo M with palpitations, worsened over the last 3 weaks. First episode was 5 years ago and had 2 ED visits for similar symptoms since then. No chest pain or feeling of impending doom but has SOB, feeling nauseous, and clammy hands during the episodes. Recently unemployed and has been under a lot of stress. No sore throat, vision chagnes, HA, changes in weight, urinary habits or BM. One episode of numbness of both fingers during the event. 

ROS(-) except as above

Allergies NKDA

PMH 2 similar episodes that required ED visits

Med none

PSHx none

FHx noncontributory

SH not drink alcohol, no smoking, no illicit drug use, sexually active with boyfriend, regular use of condoms, exercise regularly, no history of STIs, no caffeinated drinks
[Summary]: 26 y/o male with palpitations worsened over the last 3 weeks, associated with SOB, feeling nauseous, and clammy hands, no chest pain or feeling of impending doom, recently unemployed and under a lot of stress, one episode
[Notes]: 35 year-old male who presents with "stomach problems" the past two motnhs that have progressively gotten worse. He states that the episodes of pain are intermittent. he describes the pain as "gnawing" and "burning" and says the episodes of pain are about 5/10 in severity. He states they come and go randomly. He ays Tums was originalyl helping the pain but now it is not. He has nausea associated withthese episodes but no vomiting. He denies fevers, chills, night sweats, chest pains, SOB, headache. He denies recent URi or sick contacts.

Patient states for past couple weeks his stools have been noticeably darker. 

He states he has an uncle with a bleeing ulcer.

PMH: back pain and muscle spasms. He takes motrin 2 pills/ week, 200mg each.

No PSH. NKDA

Patient has been feeling stressed recently as he and his wife have been getting seperated. He is not currently sexually active.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with intermittent episodes of "gnawing" and "burning" abdominal pain that are 5/10 in severity, associated with nausea but no vomiting, stools have been darker for past couple weeks, uncle with bleeding ulcer
[Notes]: Loraine Wicks is a 67 year old female who presents with trouble sleeping for the last 3 weeks. She reports difficulty falling asleep at night, tossing and turning, and then non-restful sleep. No provoking factors. No palliative factors. Has tried taking relaxing baths before bed, tried Ambien 5 mg for 5 days with no relief. Three weeks ago her son died. Reports supportive family and friends during this time. Depression evaluation showed loss of interest in activity, loss of energy, increased appetite, and trouble sleeping. Denies guilt or hopelessness, psychomotor changes, difficulty concentrating or suicidal ideation. Reports visual and auditory hallucinations.

PMh: HTN

Meds: HCTZ 25 mg, lisinopril 20 mg

Allergies: none

Surgeries: none

FH: Father htn, HLD

MOther- depression

SH: lives with husband, drinks 2 glasses of wine 2-3 times a week, never smoker, no ilicit drugs (except ambien use per HPI)

ROS: denies fever, nightsweats
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with trouble sleeping for the last 3 weeks, difficulty falling asleep, non-restful sleep, no provoking or palliative factors, tried Ambien 5 mg for 5 days with no relief, 3 weeks ago her son died
[Notes]: 45 yo F C/o nervousness. Symtoms started 3-4 weeks ago . She admits that the allocation of extra work lot on her makes her nervous. She consumes 5-6 cup coffee a day.

Allergy:NKDA,NKA

Medications:Tylenol

PSH:non contributary

PMH:non contributary

SH:maried and living with husband, mother and one child, her other childeren is attending a college.

OBGYN: Regular menses, no spotting, Last menses 1 week ago, Menarche 11-12, She is G2P2.

FH: Mother is health, Father died at age of 65 due to MI
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with nervousness for the past 3-4 weeks, exacerbated by extra work load, consumes 5-6 cups of coffee a day, married and living with husband, mother, and one child, regular menses, mother is
[Notes]: Ms Whelan is a healthy 26 year old woman presenting for follow up 2 weeks after presenting to the ED with palpitations. In the ED, CMP, CBC, troponins, and EKG normal. When she has palpitatons feels a sense of impending doom, clammy, dyspneic, and feels like throat is swelling. From 5 years ago until about 3 weeks ago she has had a total of 4 of these episodes. Starting 3 weeks ago, they became more frequent, occuring 1-2x daily, and she had tingling and numbness of her bilateral hands 2 weeks ago causing her to present to the ED. Since she has been seen at the ED they have occurred every couple of days. They last 15-30 minutes at a time. Denies diaphoresis or loss of conscioiusness

She feels otherwise well when not having these episodes. 



Social: recently lost her job after purchasing a condo about 3 months ago. Is under a lot of stress as she is currently unemployed. Denies tobacco, alcohol, ilicits

PMHx: none
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations, associated with a sense of impending doom, clammy, dyspneic, and feeling like throat is swelling, 4 episodes in the past 5 years, increased frequency 3 weeks ago, ting
[Notes]: RLQ pain starting 8-10 hrs ago. Constant. Getting worse. 4/10 to 5/10. Ibuprofen helped some. Worse with walking. No radiation. Diarrhea 4-5 episodes since last night. No nausea, vomiting. Has had this pain before, last episode 6 wks ago. Usually lassts a few hours and goes away on its own. Came on suddenly. LMP 2 wks ago. Periods regular every 28 days. 4 pads first day. 1 less per day afterwards. Lasts 4 days. Menarche 13. Last sexual encounter 9 months ago. Tested for STDs a few months back none found. Never pregnant.



ROS negative 



FH none

No drugs or EtOH. never smoker. balanced diet. exercises often. Full time student. No sick contacts
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with RLQ pain starting 8-10 hrs ago, constant, 4/10 to 5/10, worse with walking, diarrhea 4-5 episodes since last night, LMP 2 wks ago, regular periods every
[Notes]: Pt is a 67 yo F with 3 wk h/o of difficulty sleeping. She gets about 4-5h/night, but has difficulty getting to sleep and wakes up frequently. Patient has tried ambien for the past 5 nights to no relief. Son passed away on Aug. 18th in MVA. Has found less interest in activities and mood is down. Has been eating more. No weight changes, cold sensitivity, blood in urine or stool, increased urinary frequency, no nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, dry skin, SOB, chest pain.

PMHx: HTN; Breast cancer in remission (10 yrs ago - lumpectomy, chemo, radiation)

Meds: HCTZ, lisinopril, ambien; Allergies: none

SHx: lumpectomy for breast cancer

SexHx: monogamous with husband, no condoms, no h/o STDs

SocHx: lives with husband; retired, but worked as receptionist in college; EtOH 2-3/wk, but 3wks without; no smoking; no drugs of abuse


[Summary]: 67 y/o female with 3 wk h/o difficulty sleeping, gets 4-5h/night, difficulty getting to sleep and waking up frequently, tried Ambien for 5 nights with no relief, son passed away 3 weeks ago, HT
[Notes]: Mrs. Madden is a 20 year old female who presents with a headache that started yesterday. She has had nausea and vomiting, and light sensitivity. She describes the pain as a dull, constant ache that is all over the head. She has had some neck pain. She said the pain came on suddenly. She did not describe an aura associated with the headaches. She also had a sore throat yesterday as well as a runny nose that started yesterday. She has had no sick contacts. She has had no trauma and no past history of headaches. Uses marajuana 4 times per week. Has not recently increased usage. She takes no medications. Her mom has migraines.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache that started yesterday, associated with nausea, vomiting, light sensitivity, dull, constant ache, sore throat, runny nose, no sick contacts, no trauma, mom has migraines, uses marijuana 4
[Notes]: 45 y F c/o of generalized anxiety for a few weeks-

-she did not remeber any trigers but she is a professor who works in research, but was recently switched to teaching in the class room

-she dfeel particuylarly more anxiuos on sundays prior to going to teach on monday

-c/o of difficulty falling asleep, and loss of apetite

-denied fatuge, insomnia, weight shanges, changes in hair or skin

ROS: AS ABOVE

PMH: None

MEDS: TYLENOL prn

ALLERGIEL knda

FHa/; father died of MI

SH: LIVES WITH HUSBAND AND SON, sexaully active with husbanb,  drinks occasionally
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with generalized anxiety for a few weeks, difficulty falling asleep, loss of appetite, no fatigue, insomnia, weight changes, changes in hair or skin, father died of MI, lives with husband and son, sexually active with husband
[Notes]: HPI:45 year old female patient complains of nervousness for the past 2 weeks she feels it all the time it has been the same not getting worse she has been dealing with stress in her job as an english proffessor lately and she says that her aging mom is living with her she mentioned stress in dealing with her kids there are no tremors this is the 1st time that this happend to her no intolerence to heat she complains of occasion headaches her appetite has decreased recently no recent weight changes she doesnt feel sad but says she is overwhelmed no loss of interest or loss of energy

OB/GYN: last MP was 1 week periods are regular with no change recently

medications: tylenol on occasions

allergies:NKDA

PMH:none

PSH:none

FH:father died from heart attack 

SH:doesnt smoke / drinks on occasions works as in english professor


[Summary]: 45 y/o female with nervousness for 2 wks, stress from job and mom living with her, occasional headaches, decreased appetite, no loss of interest or energy, last MP 1 wk ago, regular periods, tylenol, NK
[Notes]: Patient is a 26 yo F c/o 5 years of episodic SOB, throat tightening, nausea, feeling warmth that cahnges to a cold and clammy sensation, and finger numbness. Episodes have becomes more frequest over past 3 weeks, now appearing 2x/day and lasting 15-30 minutes each time. Of note, recent stressors in patient life 2 months ago due to purchasing property and then losing job. Patient denies headaches, cold or heat intolerance, changes to her hair, tremor, weight changes, and chest pain. 



ROS: none except as above

PMH: none

Medications: none

Allergies: NKDA

Hospitalizations: none

FH: none

SH: no smoking, no EtOH, no illicit drugs. Sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with 5 yrs of episodic SOB, throat tightening, nausea, feeling warmth that changes to cold and clammy, finger numbness, episodes become more frequent over past 3 wks, 2 months ago due to
[Notes]: Patient is a 35 y/o M with no PMH presents with epigastric pain for 2 months. The pain is described as burning pain, no radiation, 5/10, partially relieved with Toms but not helping recently, associated with nausea, bloasting and stomach fullness. Denies food regurgitation, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, weakness , numbness, fever, headache, chest pain, SOB. Pt has been using Motrin excessicvely for back aches and muscle pain. He works in construction. He also takes 5-6 cups of coffee every day.

ROS: -ve except HPI

Allergy : NONE

Meds: Motrin, toms

PMH: NONE

PSH: None

FH: uncle had PUD

SH: Drinks alcohol, few beers a week but has decreased intake, Smoking 1/2-1 packs per day since age 15, no illicit drug use, exercises regularly
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain for 2 months, burning pain 5/10, partially relieved with Toms, associated with nausea, bloating, and stomach fullness, Motrin, 5-6 cups of coffee per day
[Notes]: Mrs. Steaphnie Madden is a 20yo female that presents with 1 day of headache that is over her entire head. It has been constant since yesterday. She has tired OTC tylenol and alleve but they have not helped. It does not radiate any where and is always present throughout the day. It is aggrevated by movement and activity like beding over forward. she rates it as 8/10 on a severity scale. upon entering the room, the pt requested the lights be turned off due to photophobia. She also complains of decreased appetite, nausea, vomitting x3 yeaterdayw ith food and greenish liquid, ,myalgias a few days ago. She denies any vision changes, tinnitues, sore throat, palpatations, SOB, chest pain, or abd pain. 



PMH: none

Medications: OCPs

Surgery: none

Allergies none

Sexually active with her boyfriend of 1 year and uses condoms consistently

G0P0

LMP 2 weeks ago. regular every month moderate flow.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with 1 day of headache over entire head, 8/10 severity, photophobia, decreased appetite, nausea, vomiting with food and greenish liquid, myalgias, OCPs, sexually active with boyfriend of 1 year
[Notes]: 20 yo F c/o headache since yesterday morning that ia getting worse

_ Pain is all over her head, no thing makes it better, walking and bright light make it worse

-She also has neck stiffness and aches all over her body.

- Low grade fever, nausea and vomiting 

ROS: negative except as above

PMH/PSH: none

Meds: tylenol/ ibuprofen did not help. she is also on OCP.


[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache since yesterday morning that is getting worse, all over her head, no relief, neck stiffness and aches all over her body, low grade fever, nausea and vomiting, tylenol/ibuprofen did
[Notes]: A 20 year old female patient presented complaining of a headache, that started yesterday morning, sudden in onset, continuous, and getting worse. It is localized to the entire of head, with 8-9/10 intensity, dull in quality, not radiated or shifted. Not relieved by ibuprofen, aggravated when walking around or with bright light. She also felt warm yesterday, and had 3 episodes of vomiting, the vomitus was food, and green in color, with no blood. She has runny nose since yesterday. Her headache is not related to menses. No similar pain episodes in the past. No history of weakness, or numbness

ROS: negative except as above

Allergy: NKDFA

Medications: OCPs, and ibuprofen

PMH and PSH: none

Family hx: her mother has migraine headaches

Ob/GYN: LMP was 2 weeks ago, regular cycles every 30 days with 4-5 days of bleeding

SH: does not smoke, drinks 2-3 glasses of alcohol on weekends, smokes week 3-4 times/week, working at a store
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache since yesterday morning that is getting worse, all over her head, 8-9/10 intensity, dull in quality, not relieved by ibuprofen, aggravated when walking around or with bright light, warm yesterday
[Notes]: 3 weeks ago son died in car accident and patient developed difficulty falling asleep, waking up during sleep multiple times and waking up early. 4 days ago saw a visual hallucination of son and last night though she heard neighbors partying. She has great social support with husband but has developed fatigue, hyperphagia. She tried ambien to help with sleep but it provided no relief. Decreased interest in activities because of low energy. No thoughts of suicide. No memory impairment. She has no guilt about sons death. No changes in skin or hair.





PMH: HTN, Breast cancer

PSH: Lumpectomy: Laparotomy for appendicitis

Meds: HCTZ, lisiinopril

Allergie: none

FH: mom had depresion

SH: The patient has not exercised for a while. She lives with husband


[Summary]: Patient is a 3 weeks post death of son and has difficulty falling asleep, waking up during sleep multiple times, waking up early, visual hallucination of son, fatigue, hyperphagia, decreased interest in activities, no thoughts of suicide,
[Notes]: 20 y/o female c/o abdominal pain. Onset was 8-10 hours ago in the right lower quadrant without radiation. Started as 4/10 and is now 5/10, constant,dull, achy, and cramping in nature. Tried Ibuprofen for the pain which helped a little. Walking makes the pain worse. Associated with 4-5 episodes of non-bloody, non-mucoid diarrhea every day for the past 2-3 days. Has had similar episodes in the past that occur randomly, this episode is the worst. No precipitating factors. Denies past medical conditions, allergies, meds, surgeries, travel history, trauma. No family history of diseases. OB/GYN: menarche at 13, regular periods each month, LMP 2 weeks ago, uses 4 pads/day in the beginning and then less as progresses. Last sexual intercourse was 9 months ago. Negative results for STIs/STDs in the past. Denies tobacco and rec drug use. Occasionally dirnks alcohol 2x/month. Healthy diet, exercises regularly. Denies nausea, vomiting, fevers, SOB.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with abdominal pain in right lower quadrant, 5/10 intensity, constant, dull, achy, and cramping in nature, 4-5 episodes of non-bloody, non-mucoid diarrhea for 2
[Notes]: 35 yoM presents with 2 month history of epigastric pain. He describes this pain as a burning, gnawing 5/10 pain that comes and goes. lasting for 1-2 hours. Initially tums helped but currently are no longer helpful. He states lately he has felt bloated with consumption of any type of food. He has not noticed blood in his stool but states his stool has appeared darker recently. Denies fatigue, chest pain, shortness of breath, numbness, tingling, lightheadedness. 



ROS: see above.

PMHx: no current medical conditions. Takes motrin for back pain as he is a construction worker.

FHx: parents, 2 sisters healthy. Uncle with bleeding ulcer.

SHx: usually goes to the gym except lately due to pain. Smoked 1/2 - 1 ppd for 20 years. Does not currently drink alcohol, previously had 1-2 drinks per week. Currently going through a divorce for past 6 months, stress level is increased. Not currently sexually active. 


[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2 month history of epigastric pain, burning, gnawing 5/10 pain that comes and goes, lasting for 1-2 hours, bloating with consumption of any type of food, darker stool,
[Notes]: Patient is a 35 yo woman with abnormal menses for 5 months. Menses heavy and last 7 days and occur every other month. Prior to this, menses occured every 30-35 days and lasted 3 days. Patient has never been pregnant; tried for 9 years. Denies dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia, intermenstrual spotting, breast discharge, headaches, heart palpitations, constipation, changes in bowel habits, hirsutism, changes in diet. Has been going to gynecologist regularly. No history of STIs, no abnormal Paps (last one 6 months ago). LMP 5 weeks ago.

PMH: none

Surgeries: none

NKDA

Fam: aunt died of breast cancer, grandmother died of cervical cancer.

Meds: none

Social: works for social work office. Denies tobacco or drugs. Occasional beer. Diet: "nothing in particular." Lives with 2 adopted daughters. Sexually active with husband. Does not exercise.
[Summary]: 35 y/o female with abnormal menses for 5 months, heavy and last 7 days every other month, no history of pregnancy, no dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia, intermenstrual spotting, breast discharge, headaches,
[Notes]: Pt is 67 yo F with 3 wk h/o trouble falling asleep. She also wakes up earlier and tosses t/o sleep. Her sleep is rated as "poor" and it has stayed this way. No similar events in past. She denies any snoring, or gasping for air at night. She does endorse fatigue and anhedonia. Appetite has increases. Denies fever, chills, HA, SOB, chest pain, weight loss, BM changes, UOP chamges, diaphoresis, tremors, lightheadedness. Neg orthopnea, nocturia 

PMH: HTN controlled with HCTZ and Lisinopril

FH: HTN and HLD with dad, who passed from stroke; mom-prior depression 

SH: Negative for smoking, drug use; ETOH 2-3/week

PSHX: None 

Mes: Ambien for sleep issues last 5 nights; not helpful 

NKDA 


[Summary]: 67 y/o female with 3 week history of trouble falling asleep, wakes up earlier, poor sleep, fatigue, anhedonia, increased appetite, no fever, chills, HA, SOB, chest pain, weight loss, BM changes
[Notes]: HPI: 20 yo f c/o constant worsening right lower abdominal pain suddenly started 8-9 h ago w/o precipitating event. Pain is dull, aching, non-radiating, 5/10 on a scale, aggravated by walking, alleviated by Ibuprofen. Associated with diarrhea for the past couple of days - brown loose watery stools, 4-5 BM/day, no blood in stool. She denies fever, nausea, vomiting, pain in other areas of the abdomen, changes in her urination. She lost some weight, appetite is decreased since last night. Last meal yesterday.

PMH: She had 3-4 episodes of similar problem for the past 6 mo. PSH: none. hospitalizations: none. ObGyn: LMP 2 weeks ago, normal, no spotting. All: NKA. Meds: Ibuprofen for pain.

FH: parents are healthy. SH and SexH: no tobacco use, no recreational drug use, social EtOH intake. Last sexual intercourse 9 mo ago, uses condoms with partner every time.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with constant worsening right lower abdominal pain, 5/10 on a scale, aggravated by walking, alleviated by Ibuprofen, associated with diarrhea for the past couple of days, no fever, nausea, vomiting,
[Notes]: 26yo, F, c/o palpitations that started 2 weeks ago. The palpitations comes and goes and is getting worse. Her first episode was 5 years ago. She does report nausea, SOB, clammy skin and her throat getting tight when she has the palpitations. 2 weeks ago she went to the OR because of the palpitations and numbness on her fingers.  An EKG, cardiac enzymes were done and all were normal. She denies that the sympton start due to an exposure with some stress situation.

ROS: No headache, no fever, no weight loss, no skin discoloration, no leg swelling, no chest pain, no numbness, no weakness.

PMH: None

PSH: NOne

Allergies: NKDA

Med: None

FH: parents have good health

SH: no smoking, no alcohol, no illicit drugs. Walks every day. Unemployed at the moment. Sexually active with her boyfriend. Use condom regularly
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations that started 2 weeks ago, comes and goes, getting worse, associated with nausea, SOB, clammy skin, throat getting tight, EKG and cardiac enzymes normal, no headache, fever
[Notes]: Ms. Madden is a 20F with 1 day history of stable persistent dull holocranial headache 8/10 partially relieved with tylenol and ibuprofen associated with body aches, nausea, non-bloody bilious vomiting, photophobia and subjective fever without objective confirmation.



ROS: patient denies constipation, diarrhea, night sweats, or sick contacts.



PMHx: no known medical problems

SHx: no surgeries

FHx: migraine in mother

SHx: 2-3 drinks on weekends, no cigarettes, marijuana user 3-4 times weekly, works in retail

Sexual history: sexually active with one male partner, condoms and OCPs for contraception

Medications: ibuprofen, tylenol PRN; oral contraceptive pills


[Summary]: 20 y/o female with 1 day history of persistent dull holocranial headache 8/10, body aches, nausea, non-bloody bilious vomiting, photophobia, subjective fever, no constipation, diarrhea, night sweats,
[Notes]: 67 yo female c/o trouble sleeping. This started 3 weeks ago after 42 yo son died of an MVA. this has been a traumatic experience on the pt. She has touble falling asleep and has early wakings. She feels tired all the time with decreased energy and tosses and turns at night. She feels losing interest in her favorite activities (scrapbookin, reading), increased appetite and endorses visual and auditor hallucinations of her son 4 days ago and 1 day ago of a party next door that her neighbor denies. She denies suicidal and hommicidal ideations. Has a "great" support network at home.

PMHx: HTN, breast Ca (10 years in remission); PSHx: lumpectomy, lap appendectomy, child birth

-Meds: HCTZ, lisinopril, ambien for past 5 day which didnt' help

-Allergies: none

-FHx: father stroke 75, HTN, high cholesterol, mother depression

-ROS: no skin changes, hair thinning, weight changes, cold intolerance or le swelling
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with 3 week history of trouble sleeping after son's death, early wakings, fatigue, decreased energy, visual and auditory hallucinations, increased appetite, no suicidal or homicidal ideations, HTN, breast Ca in remission,
[Notes]: 26 year old female with 5 year history of heart palpitations which have increased in frequency over the past three weeks. 2 weeks ago she had an episode where her fingers went numb. She is having episodes of palpitations once or twice a day every 2-3 days. They last 15-20 minutes. She idenitifies no triggers or anything that makes them better or worse. She describes the episodes as her heart "pounding". They are associated with shortness of breath, throat tightening, and a hot flash folowed by being cold and clammy. Also associated with sense of doom. Denies any recent illness, chest pain, headache, syncope, cough, reflux, or dizziness.

PMH: none

Meds: none, Allergies: none

FamHistory: none

Social History: No alcohol, drugs, or smoking. Sexually active only with her boyfriend and they use condoms. She was working as a sales consultant but was fired a few months ago soon after buying a condo, which has introduced increased stress.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with 5 year history of heart palpitations which have increased in frequency over the past three weeks, associated with shortness of breath, throat tightening, hot flash, sense of doom, no recent illness, chest pain, headache
[Notes]: Ms Wicks is a 67 year old female presenting with insomnia x 3 weeks. Difficulty falling asleep, tossing and turning and waking up in the morning early. Occurred after her son passed away suddenly in a MVA. Patient tried ambien with no relief. Increased appetite and has noticed increased weight gain. PMH: HTN and remission of breast cancer. PSH: lumpectomy and laparatomy after ruptured appendix as teen. Meds: HCTZ 25 mg lisinopril 20 mg. NKDA. FH: Dad died from stroke, mom alive with depression. 5 healthy brothers. SH: retired receptionist. Lives with husband. Good support system. Normal diet, no exercise since passing of son. Denies smoking or drug use. Alcohol use 2-3 glasses of wine 2-3 times per week but none since son passed. No recent sick contacts. Sadness, interest loss, energy loss and appetite increase. Denies SI/HI. 4 days ago saw son in kitchen. Auditory hallucination last night with muffled voices.
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with 3 week history of insomnia after son's death, increased appetite and weight gain, HTN and remission of breast cancer, lumpectomy and laparatomy in past, HCTZ and lisinopril,
[Notes]: Ms. Moore is a 45 year old woman who presents with nervousness. She reports that over the past few weeks she has felt more nervous and overwhelmed. She feels overwhelmed by social stressors including juggling her career with caring for her aging mother. Her mother has lived with her for the last 2 years. She denies any recent changes or stressors in the last few weeks. She has noticed a decrease in appetite for the last 2 weeks. She denies nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or constipation. She also has had difficulty sleeping and is unable to identify what keeps her from sleeping at night. She denies palpitations, heat/cold sensitivity, changes in skin, weight changes, or fevers. 

PMH: none

Meds: tylenol PRN for headaches

Allergies: NKA

Family hx: father died of MI at 65 y.o

Social hx: 1-2 drinks /month; non-smoker, no drug use
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with nervousness, decreased appetite, difficulty sleeping, no recent changes or stressors, no palpitations, heat/cold sensitivity, skin changes, weight changes, or fevers.
[Notes]: 26yo F patient has come to the outpatient clinic for a follow-up visit for palpitations. She was at ear 2 weeks ago, palpitations started 3 weeks ago. They happen suddenly, once every few days. During attack she has tightening of throat, feels clamy, hot and cold. The palpitation first started 5yrs ago but more often recently. Patient currently lives alone has a boyfreind, loss a job 3 month ago. No headache, no weight loss, no nausea, no vomitting , no visual problems 

PMH: none

MEds: none. NKDA

SH: last lmp 1.5 weeks ago, no vaginal discharge , menstrual cycle regular 

Social: no smoking, no drinking
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations occurring suddenly once every few days, associated with throat tightening, hot and cold, started 5 years ago but recently more frequent, no headache, weight loss, nausea, vomiting, or visual problems. Last L
[Notes]: This is a 45 year old female with no significant past medical history who presents for evaluation of nervousness. The patient states that she began to experience an increased sensation of feeling nervous "all-the-time" about 3-4 weeks ago. She believes it might be due to a having a lot of responsbilities and possibly from increased work/presentation. The patient states that she also began to have difficulty sleeping and is less hungry which started 2 weeks ago. The patient denies having any palpitations, chest pain, shortness boreath, fever, nausea, vomtiing, shaky snesation, weight change or having experinced this before. She notes that it is not with social acitivies and does not feel hotter or colder than normal. 

ROS: as stated above

Medial history: None

Meds; Tyelenol

Sugical history: none

Gyn history: none

Family history: Father passed of MI

Social: 1-2 glasses of wine a month, no smoking or illicit drugs
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with no significant past medical history presents for evaluation of nervousness, increased feeling of nervousness "all-the-time" for 3-4 weeks, difficulty sleeping and decreased appetite for 2 weeks, denies palpitations,
[Notes]: CC:palpitations

HPI: 26yo F with "pounding" in her chest for 3 weeks occurring 1-2x day, then decreasing to once every 2 days 2 weeks ago. She has associated nausea, throat tightness, sensation of heat, followed by feeling cold. On one occasion she had finger numbness. This first occurred 5 years ago during a time of stress in college. She has been under stress recently due to the loss of her job. She presented to the ED 2 weeks ago and had some "tests" including an ECG that were normal. She denies diarrhea, constipation, fever, chills, weight change, heat/cold intolerance.

ROS: as above

PMH: none

NKA

Meds: none

Surg: none

Obstetric: LMP 1 week ago, menses last 4 days, uses 4-5 pads/ day, no recent changes

Social: denies tobacco, EtOH, drugs; sexually active with boyfriend, always uses condoms
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations for 3 weeks occurring 1-2x day, associated with nausea, throat tightness, sensation of heat, followed by feeling cold, first occurred 5 years ago during a time of stress, denies diarrhea,
[Notes]: CC: 67 yo F complains of trouble sleeping.

HPI: Difficulty sleeping for the last 3 weeks, difficulty falling and mantaining the sleep. Has been the same for the last 3 meeks. Son passed out on the 5th of september, she very affected by it. Has lost interest, very low energy and has problems to perform daily activities, increased appetite and difficulty concentrating. No snoring or weight changes. One coffee in the morning, as used to. No energy drinks. No headache, nausea, vomitting, fever, chest pain or SOB. No suicidal thoughts, no access to guns.

PMHx: HTN, breast cancer. PSHx: Breast cancer surgery 10 years ago. Laparotomy for appendicectomy.

Allergies: NKDA; Meds: HCTZ, lisinopril.

FH: Mother history of depression. Father HTN.

Retired, lives with husbando who is very supportive.

EtOH 2 glasses of wine 2/3 times per week. No recreational drugs or tobacco use.


[Summary]: 67 y/o female with difficulty sleeping for the last 3 weeks, difficulty falling and maintaining sleep, increased appetite and difficulty concentrating, no snoring or weight changes, no headache, nausea, vomiting, fever, chest pain or SOB, no suicidal
[Notes]: 35 year old male with abdominal pain for two months mainly located in the midepigastric area.  Patient describes pain as colicky, burning, gnawing and last 1-2 hours.  He has never had this pain before and endorses nausea but no vomiting.  TUMS previously provided relief and he can tolerate normal diet.  Patient reports diet consist of fast food.  Currently is taking motrin.

ROS: in addition to above, negative for headaches, vision changes, sore throat, cough, chest pain, palpitation, urinary changes, diarrhea, constipation, positive for darking of stool, denies hematemesis and weight changes

PMH: non

PSH: non

SH: smoking for the last 20 years 1.5 packs a day, no drugs and drinks a couple of beers, not sexually active

FH: uncle had bleeding ucler
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with abdominal pain for two months mainly located in the midepigastric area, described as colicky, burning, gnawing and lasting 1-2 hours, nausea but no vomiting, can tolerate normal diet
[Notes]: HPI: 45 yo F c/o of nervousness for a few weeks. Started when she changed her position from a research to a lecturer as an english literature professor. Constantly nervous, has not progressed since it began, worse on Sunday evenings and Monday mornings whenshe thinks about her lectures. Not associated with dyspnea or palpitations, no intolerance to cold or heat, no sadness or decreased interest. Concerned with the work she has to do and taking care of her aging mother and in laws. She's had trouble falling asleep for the past 2 weeks, but it hasn't affected her work.

ROS:as in hpi, decre

PMH: none

PSH: for vaginal delivery of her 2 children

NKDA

Meds: tylenol for occasional headache

FH: father died due to MI, Mother lives with her

OBGYN: LMP 1 wk ago, every 28 days, for 4 days; G2P2

Social: drinks socially, walks 1 mile 3 times/wk, sexually active with husband (he had a vasectomy)
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with nervousness for a few weeks, worse on Sunday evenings and Monday mornings, no dyspnea or palpitations, trouble falling asleep for the past 2 weeks, father died due to MI, drinks socially, walks 1
[Notes]: Ms. Karin Moore is a 45 yo F w/ no significant PMHx presents today for episodes of nervousness. She states around 3-4 weeks ago she's been having constant moments where she feels an internal feeling of unberaable nervousness. She notes that she's had increased stress over the last few weeks with doing new lectures for her classes. She notes that sunday nights she'll get worsening of her nervousness as she tries to prepare for those lectures. She also has multiple responsibilities from taking care of her mother (moved in 2 years ago and becoming more dependent) as well as managing her day to day activities. Patient also notes decrease appetite. Denies Suicidal or homicidal ideation and has a positive outlook on life. No heat intolerance and no changes in her bowel movements. No signs of hair loss. 

Social: Denies smoking or illicit drug use; EtOH 1-2x/week;

Meds: Tyelnol 

OBGYN: menstrual cycle regular
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with episodes of nervousness for the past 3-4 weeks, worse on Sunday evenings, decreased appetite, denies suicidal/homicidal ideation, no heat intolerance, no changes in bowel movements, no signs of hair loss
[Notes]: Ms. Whelan is a 26yo F who presented to ED w/ palpitations. She originally presented to ED 2 weeks ago. At that time CBC, Metabo panel, cardiac enzymes and ECG WNL. Pt states the palpitations started 5 years ago but have increased 3 weeks ago. 1-2x/day 3 weeks ago and 2 weeks ago declined to one every few days. Last 15-30 min. No pain. Located in cardiac region. Described as "heart racing". No triggers. During palpitations get SOB, throat tightness, nauseous, and cold/clammy hands. 2 weeks ago her fingers became numb during the palpitations. Denies feelings of claustrophobia or history of panic attacks/psych issues. Denies caffeine intake. Recent life stressors include losing her job 3 months ago and losing her condo. 

ROS: Normal

PMH: None

PSH: None

FH: None

SH: No EtOH/tobacco/drugs. 1 sexual partner (male). Use condoms. Negative STD. Currently unemployed
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations for the past 5 years, increased 3 weeks ago to 1-2x/day and now 1 every few days, last 15-30 min, SOB, throat tightness, nauseous, and
[Notes]: This is a 26yo female with frequent episodes of palpitations.  About 5 years ago, Ms. Whelan began experiencing infrequent episodes of suddent heart racing lasting 15-30 minutes with associated shortness of breath, nausea, feeling hot/chills, and throat tightening.  These episodes did not involve chest pain, loss of consciouness, or vision changes.  About three weeks ago, Ms. Whelan began experiencing episodes 1-2x/day, and one episode involving finger numbness prompted her to visit the emergency department.  CBC, BMP, EKG, and cardiac enzymes were normal at this time.  Since this epsiode, she is having the episodes without finger numbness about 1x every other day.  She endorses a relatively stressful living situation where she purchased a condo right before losing her job several months ago.  No other medical issues, surgeries, alcohol/tobacco/illicit substance use.  No FHx of cardiac issues.  No medications or allergies to medications
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with frequent episodes of palpitations for the past 5 years, increased 3 weeks ago to 1-2x/day, now 1 every few days, last 15-30 min, associated with SOB, throat tightness
[Notes]: 35 YO F COMES TO CLINIC WITH COMPLAIN OF PROBLEM WITH HER PERIODS.  SHE HAS BEEN HAVING THIS PROBLEM SINCE PAST 6 MONTHS .  SHE REPORTS GETTING ONLY 2 PERIODS IN PAST 5 MONTHS. THE PERIODS ARE HEAVY AND SHE HAS TO CHANGE TAMPOONS EVERY HOUR. NO H/O DYSMENORRHOEA OR PASSING OF CLOTS. HER PERIODS WERE REGULAR BEFORE WITH FLOW FOR 3-4 DAYS AND PERIODS EVERY 4-5 WEEKS. SHE HAS BEEN SEXUALLY AND DOES NOT USE CONDOMS. HER PAP SMEAR 6 MONTHS AGO WAS NORMAL.  SHE REPORTS GAINING 15 LBS IN PAST 6 MONTHS AND FEELS TIRED. NO H/O HAIR CHANGES , SENSATIVITY TO TEMPERATURE CHANGE, FEVER , SHORTNESS OF BREATH, NAUSEA OR BREATHING , BREAST CHANGES.

NKDA

MEDICATION - NONE

PMH- NONE

PSH- NONE

FH- NON CONTRIBUTORY

SH- SEXUALLY ACTIVE , DOES NOT USE CONDOM, DOES NOT SMOKE AND DRINK ALCOHOL , DOES NOT USE ILLICIT DRUG.
[Summary]: 35 y/o female with irregular periods for the past 6 months, 2 periods in the past 5 months, heavy flow with tampon changes every hour, sexually active, no other symptoms, no PMHx, NKDA.
[Notes]: CC: I have been having stomach pain for 2 months and it is getting worse.

HPI: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain.  Started 2 months ago.  describes pain that comes and goes.  feels bloated.  does not associated it with meals.  describes pain as gnawing, burning.  rates it as a 5/10.  endorses belching, denies sour taste, and sometimes wakes him at night.  He has tried tums and it used to help, but is now getting worse.  

medications:  tums, motrin 2 pills per week for body aches.  No Rx

Allergies:  none

PMH: NOne

PSh: none

Sx: splitting from his wife, works as high elevation construction, no kids.  no alcohol for past 2 weeks.  used to drink 2-3 beers, but not every day.  Smokes: 1/2- 1 pack per day since age 15.  Denies drug use.

Fx: Mom and dad are healthy

ROS: no coughing, nausea but no vomiting, no diarrhea or constipation, pain with urination, darker stool sometimes, no blood in urine, denies depression, but ahs some anxiety
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain for 2 months, worse with tums, no PMHx, sx: splitting from wife, smokes 1/2-1 pack/day, no alcohol for past 2 weeks, denies
[Notes]: Mrs. Moore is a 45 yo WF, who presents today with nervousness. 

Symptoms started a few weeks ago, patient switched roles at profession from research to teaching. now worries excessively about her career and her family. Has additional family stress with mother and adult child living in house, and sick in-laws that live nearby. She says her mood is "overwhelmed" but denies feeling depressed. has never had symptoms like this before. Is also having difficulty sleeping, lies at night unable to sleep. Also has reduced appetite. Issues are currently affecting home/work life, no issues lecturing. Denies fatigue, fever, chills, edema, N/V/D/C, abdominal pain, chest pain, SOB, depression. 

NKDA

Meds: occasional tylenol. 

PMH: None

PSH: none

FH: Father died MI at 65

SH: English professor. Lives at home with husband, youngest child, and mother. Sexually active with husband only. Drinks 1-2 drinks couple times a month. Denies tobacco/drug use
[Summary]: 45 y/o WF with nervousness, difficulty sleeping, and reduced appetite for past few weeks, due to stress from role change at work and family stressors. No PMHx, NKDA, occasional tylenol.
[Notes]: patient is a 35 yo M c/o pain in stomach. the is in epigastr with no radiation, has burning character, is intermittent and began from 2 months ago. it is not related to food. taking a medication called "tums" make it better sometimes. the pain wakes up patient at night. he has notices darker stools from 2 weeks ago. no change in weight. no change in urination. denies being depressed. he has felt anxious since 1 year ago after divorce. patient is concerned  and not ready for doing rectal examination.

ROS: nl except as above

PMH: some bach pain and spasms from 15 yeqars ago

SH: smoke half to one pack from 15 years ago. his job is highrise elevator technician


[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain for 2 months, burning character, intermittent, not related to food, worsened with tums, wakes at night, darker stools for 2 weeks, no change in weight, no change in ur
[Notes]: HPI 35 yo M in clinic c/o abdominal pain x 2 mos

-started gradually, intermittent, frequency is increasing, initially had pain once a week but now he has 2-3 per day, epigastric burning pain, 5/10 in intensity, no radiation, initially allev by tums but not longer, no aggrav factors, no relationship to food intake

-A/w nausea 2-3 times per day, fatigue for a couple of weeks

-have bowel movement once everyday, notice darker stool recently

-trying to eat less so that he won't feel bloated

Denies changes in weight/urinary habit/skin/hair, fever, CP, heartburn, recent travel/trauma

ROS neg except as above

PMH Back pain and muscle spasm, PSH/Hosp none, Med Motrin once a week for back pain, FH uncle with bleeding ulcer

SH 1/2-1PPD x 20 yrs, a few alcohols per week, no illicit drug, mainly eat fast food
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric burning pain for 2 months, 5/10 in intensity, no radiation, initially relieved by tums but not longer, nausea 2-3 times per day, fatigue for a couple of weeks, darker
[Notes]: 20 Y/O F come w c/o headache x yesterday, sudden onset, all over the head, dull pain, constant, worsening says" its really bad", non radiating, took tylenol and ibuprofen for it which didnot  help,, aggravy by bending forward  aggrav by bright lighthen trying to tie shoelaces" a/w neck and shoulder stiffness. 3 episodes of vomtiing, content undigested food, also has sore throat and runny nose x yesterday. h/o OCP use x 2 yrs

Denies LOC, head trauma, seizure, vision changes, sick contacts, abd pain, weaight changes

ROS neg except as above

PMH none, PSH/hosp/travel/trauma none, Meds OCP X 2 yr, NKA

FA mother migraines, father high cholesterol

SH workes at sporting ggod shop, lives w roommate, sexually active w men, 1 partnes in 6 months non amoker, smoker joint 2-3 /weeek


[Summary]: 20 y/o F with sudden onset headache, all over the head, dull pain, constant, worsening, neck and shoulder stiffness, 3 episodes of vomiting, OCP use x 2 yrs, mother migraines, father high cholesterol, works
[Notes]: 45 y/o white F presents with c/o "nervousness"

- nervousness started several weeks ago, is getting progressively worse 

- recent life changes with job as English progressor and family health problems

- reports trouble falling asleep at night, does not take medications to help with sleep, sleepf for 7-8 hours

- denies diaphoresis, general fatigue, weight changes, palpitations, SOB, constipation, diarrhea, urinary changes

PMHx: no other health concerns, no meds, no surgeries, NKDA

FMHx: family is healthy

SHx: lives with mother, husband, and son, good relationship with husband who is supportive, drinks alcohol occasionally, denies smoking and illicit drug use, drinks 5-6 caffeinated drink daily for several years
[Summary]: 45 y/o WF with nervousness for several weeks, trouble falling asleep, denies diaphoresis, general fatigue, weight changes, palpitations, SOB, constipation, diarrhea, urinary changes, NKDA, drinks alcohol occasionally
[Notes]: HPI: 20 F c/o of headache since yesterday morning. Feels like the worst hangover ever. Started yesterday after waking up but had no aura prior to the headache. Constant since yesterday and progressing in severity. Pain described as dull, constant ache and painful all over. Tried ibuprofen, tyelonol, and sleeping but nothing helped. Light irritates her but sound does not bother her. Associated rhinorrhea, nausea, non blood vomiting described as green, fatigue, and felt warm. Appetite is also decreased. Denies any hearing loss, sinus pain, numbness/tingling, head trauma, or pain with chewing. 

ROS: negative except as above

PMHx: none

PSHx: none

Fx: mother-ashtma and diabetes. Father-hypercholesterolemia. 

Sx: denies smoking, occasionall alcohol use CAGE negative, smokes marijuana. Works at sporting goods store. Diet balanced. Exercise 1-2x /week 

Meds: birth control pills

all: none
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache since yesterday, constant, dull, ache all over, associated with rhinorrhea, nausea, non-blood vomiting, fatigue, warm feeling, decreased appetite, mother-asthma and diabetes, father
[Notes]: Ms Moore is a 45 yo female presenting with nervousness. She states that a few weeks ago she began feeling nervous constantly. She denies palpitations, chest pain, SOB, headache. Only recent life change is her position as an English professor switched from mostly research to mostly lecturing. She does not state that she has any specific fear of public speaking or an increase in nerves related to lecturing. Nothing improves her nervousness. It is worse on Sunday nights and Monday mornings before work. She denies weight changes, suicidal/homicidal ideation, depression, anxiety. Some difficulty falling asleep, stays asleep fine. Decreased appetite, no weight changes. She does state she sometimes feels overwhelmed by her responsibilities including work, taking care of her elderly parents and helping out with her in-laws.

Lives with husband, mom, 2 boys. Sexually active with husband, he got a vasectomy. No smoking, occasional EtOH, no drugs
[Summary]: 45 y/o female with nervousness for a few weeks, worse on Sunday nights and Monday mornings, denies palpitations, chest pain, SOB, headache, difficulty falling asleep, decreased appetite, no weight changes, no smoking, occasional
[Notes]: HPI: 26F with c/o palpitations that started 5 years ago and has gotten worse in the last 3 weeks. 2 weeks ago, pt went to ED because of finger numbness that accompaned the palpatations. Normally palpitations lasts 15-30 minutes. Her heart races, she gets nausea and SOB. No triggers, nothing makes it better or worse, no wt gain/loss, no dizziness, no HA, no changes in vision or hearing, no LOC, no hx of thyroid or heart conditions.

PMH: none

PSH: none

Med: none

ALL: none

FH: none

SH: no smoking, no drug use, no alcohol use. Lives alone. Is unemployed and looking for work. Sexually active w/ boyfriend and uses condoms.

ROS: negative except for what's listed above.
[Summary]: 26F with palpitations for 5 years, worse in last 3 weeks, finger numbness 2 weeks ago, 15-30 minutes, heart races, nausea and SOB, no triggers, no wt gain/loss, no dizziness
[Notes]: 67 yo f Ms Wicks c/o sleplessness for the past 3 weeks. Her son had passed away 3 weeks ago and ever since she is unable to sleep. she sleeps for 4-5 hours every night, keeps moving in her sleep. She wakes up at 4am. She takes a relaxing bath before her sleep. She has loss of interest and has decreased appetite. No guilt, no loss of ebergy, no loss of concentration, no agitation and suicidal ideation. She lives with her husband who is very supprtive. She has an episode of hearing party noise in her sleep when no party was going on. she has one episiode of seing her son in the last 3 weeks (son passed away). 

ROS- no loss of weight, no chest pain, no SOB, no headaches, no weakness no other  significant ROS

PMH ht for 15 yeras takes HCTZ and lisinopril regular

allergies hx nkda fmh personal and sex hx not significant
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with insomnia for 3 weeks since son passed away, sleeps 4-5 hours, loss of interest, decreased appetite, episode of hearing party noise, one episode of seeing son, ht for 15 years, takes HCTZ
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 yo male here for 2mo history of epigastric pain. Describes pain as burning and gnawing. Does not radiate. 5/10 severity. Not necessarily associated with food but has noticed early satiety, bloating and burping with food. +nausea, denies vomiting. Avoiding food because of this but appetetite and weight are the same. Pain has become more frequent (2x/day) recently. Also noticed starting 2-3 weeks ago, stool has been dark (1-2BM a day) and that pain is waking him up at night. TUMs initially helped with the pain but no longer. 



ROS: back pain, back spasms

PMHx: none

meds: motrin 400mg PRN 1/wk for 15 yo 

NKDA

SHx: none

FHX: uncle with peptic ulcer disease

lives alone, stopped drinking alcohol 3wks ago due to pain, before 1-2 beers a week, has not helped with pain, no to CAGE, no rec drugs, not sex active for over a year. works as coonstruction worker, 1/2-1pk/day for 20yrs
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2mo history of epigastric pain, burning and gnawing, 5/10 severity, early satiety, bloating and burping, nausea, dark stool, waking up at night, +uncle
[Notes]: The patient is a 20yo female with no PMH with complaint of headache since waking up yesterday morning. She states that the pain is severe, dull/aching and "all over" her head. She denies recent head trauma. Admits to photophobia, nausea, and 3 episodes of vomiting (green color) since awakening yesterday morning. States that this feels like the worst hangover ever. Denies progression of headache and states that it has remained all over. Denies fever, chills.

PMH: none

ROS: denies neck stiffness, blurry vision, chest pain, shortness of breath

Surg Hx: None

Hosp: None

FHx: Mother Migraines, Father hypercholesterolemia

Soc Hx: marijuana cigarettes 3-4 per week, social alcohol use 3-4 drinks every weekend, no tobacco. works at sports store
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with complaint of severe, dull/aching headache all over since waking yesterday, photophobia, nausea, vomiting (green color), denies fever, chills, mother migraines, father hypercholesterolemia, marijuana cigarettes
[Notes]: Mrs. Wicks is 67 yo female presents with 3 weeks of difficulty sleeping. She has issues falling and staying asleep and gets 4-5 hours anight. Her son was killed in MVA 3 weeks ago and that is what brought on these sxms. She has had an increase in appetite and decreased interests lately.  Her focus is not affected and she still enjoys time with her husband. She denies any recent illness, SOB, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea or cough at night.

ROS- negative except as listed

pmh-htn and breast cancer remission 10 years 

Med- hctz 25 mg and lisinopril 20 mg daily

allergies- NKA 

surgical- lumpectomy 10 y/a

FH- dad stroke and hld, htn died at 75. mom a/w depression

social- retired teacher lives with husband. Only child just passed. Drinks 2/3 glasses of wine on the weekend but not in past 3 weeks. NO smoking or illicit drug use. Eats varied diet and has not been interested in walking since accident. 

GYn- menopause at 52
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with 3 weeks of difficulty sleeping since son's death, increased appetite, decreased interests, htn and breast cancer remission 10 years, hctz and lisinopril daily, dad stroke and htn, retired teacher,
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26y F presenting with complaints of episodic palpitations. She says that these episodes first started 5y ago but went away until 3 wks ago and are now occuring every few days at random times. There is nothing that seems to make them better or worse. When the epidoses occur her heart will race, she will feel nauseated, with SOB, tight throat, she will be hot then clammy, be fatigued, and have difficulty concentrating. The episodes usually do not last long. She says that she has a lot o stress in her life right now after buying a condo and losing her job. She denies generalized anxiety and depression. Deneis HA, vizion changes, dizziness, CP, abd pain, F/C, hypothyroid/hyperthyroid SXS, or changes in BM or urination.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with episodic palpitations for 5y, episodes started 3wks ago, SOB, tight throat, hot then clammy, fatigue, difficulty concentrating, stress from buying a condo and losing job.
[Notes]: Ms. Whelan is a 26-year-old female, has come to the outpatient clinic for a follow-up visit for palpitations. Patient states that 2 weeks ago she went to the ED with heart pounding and bilateral finger numbess. Per patient, the ED visit was unremarkable and would like to know that everything is okay. She states that nothing makes it better of worse. She states that she is SOB, is nauseous and feels like she is going to die. She has been having these symptoms for the last 5 years, but has recently been experiencing them more frequently. She states that her most recent episode was yesterday. Her body goes from hot to cold clammy. Patient states that she recenly bought a condo and lost her job. Is currently looking for a job. ROS - no vomiting, no chest pain. 

Past medical history - none

Family history - everyone is healthy, no heart conditions in the family 

Sx - lives at home alone, feels safe, no smoking, alochol or drugs
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with follow-up visit for palpitations, 2wks ago went to ED with heart pounding and bilateral finger numbness, SOB, nausea, hot to cold clammy, 5y of symptoms, recently more frequent
[Notes]: 44 yo F presents with irregular periods. Pt states she noticed irregular menses starting 3 months ago and now only gets periods ranging from every 3 weeks to 4 months. Her last menstrual period was 2 months ago which lasted 4 days and precceeded with menstrual cramps and breast tenderness. Pt denies any vaginal spotting in between period or vaginal discharge or itching but notes vaginal dryness and uses lubrication to help alleviate symptoms. Pt mentioned experiencing ocassional hot flashes and diaphoresis, +Nausea +vomting 1 wkago. 

ROS: Pt deneis any headaches,nipple discharge, cold intolerance, hair or nail changes, palpitations, chest pain SOB,  GI or GU changes.

OBGYn: G2 P2 LMP 2 months ago lasted 4 days uses 1-2 tampons/day

pmh: HTN 6 yrs, recent stomach flu 1 week ago (self limting)

psh: none

meds: HCTZ

FH: mother osteoporosis, brother HTN

SH: manager, sexually active with husband, deneis drug or tobacco 


[Summary]: 44 y/o female with irregular periods for 3 months, last period 2 months ago with cramps and tenderness, occasional hot flashes and diaphoresis, HTN 6 yrs, recent stomach flu 1 week ago, HCTZ,
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26 year old woman with no pertinent past medical history who presents for follow up of palpiations. She first began to have symptoms of pounding heart, nausea, shortness of breath, nausea, and feeling of dread about 5 years ago when she was a senior in college. These symptoms last for about 15-30 minutes before resolving on their own. No exacerbating or relieving factors.  Since then, she has not had episodes until 3 weeks ago, when then began alongside new symptom of numbness of fingers and toes. She states that her symptoms occured about once per day, then decreased to once every few days after her ER visit 2 weeks ago. Labs at her ER visit were all within normal limits, thus she is worried something may have been missed. She states she is undergoing more stress recently as she has lost her job and just bought a new condominium. Denies symptoms outside her episodes. Denies vision changes.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with follow-up of palpitations, started 5y ago, numbness of fingers and toes, episodes once per day decreasing to once every few days, stress from job loss and buying condo, no vision changes.
[Notes]: 20 YO F CO HEADACHE SINCE YESTERDAY.

HAS BEEN PROGRESSING.DULL PAIN ALL OVER HER HEAD AND SHE DESCRIBES THE INTENSITY AS REALLY BAD.

SHE IS NAUSEOUS AND HAS VOMITED 3 EPISODES NON BLOOD MIVED .HAS PHOTOPHOBIA

AGGRAVATED BY BENDING FORWARD AND LIGHT . IS TAKING TYLENOLOL AND IBUPROFEN BUT IS NOT HELPING.

LMP 2 WKS AGO.

NO TRAVEL, COUGH AND COLD, ILL CONTACTS, AURAS

PMH: NONE

PSH:NONE

ALL:NKDA

MEDS:TYLENLOL AND IBUPROFEN AND OCPX 2YRS

FH: MOTHER HAS MIGRAINES AND FATHER HAS HIGH CHOLESTEROL.

SH: OCCASIONAL ALCOHOL, 3 MARIJUANA WEEKLY FOR FEW MTHS , NO SMOKING.

IS SEXUALLY ACTIVE WITH BOYFRIEND.


[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache since yesterday, dull pain all over head, nausea and vomiting, photophobia, taking Tylenol and Ibuprofen, LMP 2wks ago, PMH and PSH nil, occasional alcohol
[Notes]: CC: Irregular periods

VS: 98.8 F, 132/84 mmHg, HR 90bpm, R 14/min

HPI: Irregular periods since 3 years, last for 2-6 days, sometimes heavy, sometimes light, uses 5-6 pads on average, has hot flashes during the day since one year, LMP 2 months ago, no pain, no progression, no vaginal discharge, has intrauterine device for contraception, only one male partner (husband), no condoms are used, never had STD

PMH: HTN 

Meds: HCTZ

NKDA

No previous surgeries, no trauama or ilnesses

FH: Mother overweight and arthitis

Ob/Gy: G2P2 (last pregnancy 10 years ago, vaginal delivery, never had C-section).

SH: No stress, works in an office, no smoke, occational EtOH (every other week), no recreational drugs
[Summary]: 38 y/o female with irregular periods since 3 years, last for 2-6 days, hot flashes since 1 year, LMP 2 months ago, HTN, HCTZ, G2P2, no stress, works in an
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 yo male with no significant PMH who presents with a 2 month history of progressive abdominal pain. He describes the pain as a burning or gnawing sensation in his upper abdomen that sometimes wakes him from sleep. He has associated nausea and bloating, but has not vomited. The pain does not seem to be related to eating. He has noticed that his stools have been darker than normal but he has not noticed frank blood in his stools. He denies diarrhea, constipation, fevers, chills, or weight changes. He does elicit decreased appetite. He was taking Tums with some relief. 

PMH: lower back pain from construction work

PSH: None

Medications: Motrin 400 mg once per week for last 10 years, NKDA

Fam Hx: Uncle with "bleeding ulcer"

Social: works in high rise construction. Divorced from spouse 6 months ago, lives alone. Previously had occasional alcohol but stopped recently. Smokes 1/2-1 ppd for last 20 years.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2 month history of progressive abdominal pain, burning/gnawing sensation in upper abdomen, nausea, bloating, darker stools, decreased appetite, Motrin 400 mg once per week for 10 years, lower back
[Notes]: Patient has had epigastric pain starting two months ago that has been progressing.  It is now happening two times per day and lasts for 1-2 hours.  The pain is a burning, gnawing pain that is 5/10 at its worst.  He also has nausea with the pain, but has not vomited.  He used to take tums, which helped, but now they are not helping anymore.  He has also noticed darker stools and fatigue since this started.  Lastly, when he eats he feels bloated.  Denies any weight change.  Patient has smoked 1/2-1 pack per day since his teens.  He recently stopped drinking, but was drinking a few beers per week.  He also takes motrin (400 mg)/ week.  ROS otherwise negative
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain two months ago that has been progressing, burning/gnawing pain 5/10, nausea, darker stools, fatigue, bloating after eating, smokes 1/2-1 pack
[Notes]: 20 yo F patient presents to office due to constant dull headache that began yesterday. She states that it is 8/10 in intesnity. Ibuprophen has not provided any relief. It is associated with nausea an vomiting. Its does not awaken her from sleep. This is her first episode. She states that light also hurts her eyes. She denies aura, diarrhea, or any other symptom. 

ROS: Although she did not have quantified fever, she states she felt warm this morning.

PMHX: Takes OCP for 2 years

FHx: Mother: Migraines. Father: High cholesterol

SHx: Works at sporting goods store. Secually active with male partner, use protection, drinks 2-3 beers on weekend, Uses marijuana 3-4/week.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with constant dull headache since yesterday, 8/10 in intensity, nausea, vomiting, photophobia, OCP for 2 years, mother with migraines, father with high cholesterol, works at sporting goods store, sexually active
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 yo M with past history of backaches and spasms presents today for mid-epigastric pain (5/10) of 2 months duration. It is a gnawing, burning pain that will awaken him at night. Denies aggravation by food but does report bloating. Reports minor relief from Tums. Does not radiate elsewhere. Reports nausea without vomiting and darker brown stools than normal.



PMH: None      Allergies: None     Meds: Mortin, Tums      Social history: Previously 2-3 beers/wk, stopped       Tobacco: 1 ppd since young age, no desire to quit at moment.   Drugs: None   Job: Construction    Diet: Less food than nl    Exercise: Less than normal due to nighttime awakenings 

Sexual hx: Not currently active, with women, uses condoms, no STD hx   Family Hx: Bleeding ulcer (uncle)

ROS: Denies fevers/chills, weight loss/gain, vomiting, difficulty swallowing, chest pain, shortness of breath, constipation, diarrhea, change in stool caliber/siz
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with mid-epigastric pain of 2 months duration, gnawing, burning pain, bloating, nausea, darker brown stools, Mortin, Tums, 1 ppd tobacco, no alcohol, no
[Notes]: Mr Hamilton is a 35 year old man who presents with 2 months of epigastric pain and stomach problems. He reports that he has had pain and nausea in the middle of his stomach for the last two months. He initially tried tums which helped. Food and drink do not seem to affect his pain. He also notes that he has had darker stool than usual. The pain does not radiate. He denies weight loss, fever, chills, SOB, wheezing, cough, chest pain, edema, rash, new myalgias. 

PMH: back pain and muscle spasms treated with motrin weekly, 2 pills

PSH: denies

Med: no other medications

All: denies

FH: parents are healthy, has an uncle with a bleeding ulcer

SH: 15 years of smoking, 1/2-1 ppd, not interested in quiting, has a few beers each week, denies drug use, eats mostly fast food, few vegetables available, not interested in change
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2 months of epigastric pain and stomach problems, tums helped initially, darker stool, denies weight loss, fever, chills, SOB, wheezing, cough, chest pain, edema,
[Notes]: Ms. Stephanie Madden is a 20 year old woman with no prior medical history who presents with two days of worsening headache, nausea/vomitting. She describes is as a dull aching pain, 8/10 severity, generalized all over her head. Made worse by walking and bending over, and by bright light. She has also been nauseous and vomitting after food. It was not improved with ibuprofen or tylenol. She states that she is usually health and very concerned about these sypmtoms.



PMH: none

PSH: none

Medications: OCP

Fam Hx: father high cholesterole, mother migraines

Soc Hx: no tobacco use. 2-3 alcoholic drinks on weekends, 3-4 joints of marijuana per week. sexually active with only her boyfriend.
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with two days of worsening headache, 8/10 severity, generalized, made worse by walking and bending over, bright light, nausea/vomiting, OCP, father high cholesterol, mother migraines, no tobacco
[Notes]: 2 monthy histroy of epigastric burning sensation associated with nausea but no vomitting. pain rated as 5/10, relieved by Tums. nil described precipitating factors. Also complains of intemittent abdominal bloating. and has noted that stools have become darker in color, but no loose or watery stools dexcribed, no blood seen in same. nil weight loss or night sweats, but has had decreased appetite with pain episodes. Occasionally woken at night by sleep. does feel slightly lethargic but no impairment of work or daily activities. No ill contacts or recent travel or recent change in diet.

PMH seen by doctor for aches and pains in the past

PSH nil

DH: Motrin 400mg, twice weekly. NKDA

SH works in construction, drinks a few beers per weeks and smokes 1 PPD for the past 20 years. Lives alone. not sexually active.

FH Parents healthy. Paternal uncle died from bleeding ulcer


[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2 month history of epigastric burning sensation associated with nausea, 5/10 pain, relieved by Tums, bloating, darker stools, decreased appetite, occasional nighttime awakenings, Motrin 400mg twice
[Notes]: Stephanie Madden is a 20 yo F with no PMH who presents with a diffuse headache onset yesterday morning which has been constant, dull and aching. She has had headaches in the past but this is far worse. She endorses photophobia and says the pain is worse with walking and bending over. She has "felt warm" and has had several episodes of nausea/vomiting. Ibuprofen, tylenol and sleeping have not helped. Her LMP was 2 weeks ago. 



ROS: pos for diffuse headache, N/V, photophobia, back/neck stiffness, subjective fever. Negative for abd pain, diarrhea, CP, SOB

PMH: negative

Medications: OCP

Soc Hx: weekend alcohol use, marijuana use 3-4x weekly, no other drug use

Fam Hx: mother with migraines

Surgeries: none

Allergies: none
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with no PMH who presents with a diffuse headache, dull and aching, photophobia, nausea/vomiting, subjective fever, OCP, mother with migraines.
[Notes]: 35 yo F G0 with 6 months of irregular periods and increased flow. Patient reports 2 periods over past 5 months with increased flow requiring hourly tampon changes over 7 days. She denies spotting between periods. She also notes darkening skin around her neck and knuckles as well as some weight gain. She denies fatigue, fever, chills, rashes, heat cold intolerance, bowel habit changes, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, med changes. Previously peroids were 4-5 weeks, 3-4 days long, requiring 4 tampons on day 1, with mild cramping. First peroid at age 12, irregular and started on orthotricycline, stopped 11 years ago. Patient has history of infertility without work up.



Pap 6 months ago, normal.



PMH, PSH, MEDS, ALLERGIES: none

FH: aunt breast cancer, gma cervix ca
[Summary]: 35 y/o female with 6 months of irregular periods and increased flow, darkening skin around neck and knuckles, weight gain, previously 4-5 weeks, 3-4 days long, mild cramping, normal pap 6 months ago, aunt
[Notes]: Mrs. Whelan is a 26yo female with 5yr history of palpitations tha increased 3 weeks ago. She went to the hospital 2 weeks ao when her palpitations occured with finger numbness, results showed normal CBC, metabolic panel, an ECG/cardiac enzymes. She notes that she feels hot and cold, naseua and throat tightness with the palpitations, and feels terrible like "she is having a hear attck and might die. no recent stressors, but lost job 2 months ago, but is not feeling overwhelmed. 

no shkin,hair nail changes, no abdomina pain or change in bowel movements or urincary patterns. no bone/joint/muslce changes. no mestraul changes 

no PMH, surgical, meds, allergies, FH

doesn't smoke, take illicit drugs or EtOH, Sexaully active with boyfriend with condom use
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with 5 year history of palpitations that increased 3 weeks ago, feeling hot and cold, nausea, throat tightness, no PMH, no meds, no FH, no smoking, no illicit drugs, no
[Notes]: Kane Smith is a 17 y/o M with a PMHx of exercise induced asthma who presents with pleuritic chest pain that is exacerbated by any movement for 1 day duration. Kane was in his normal state of heath until a few days ago when he developed a stuffy nose, myalgias, and possible low grade fever (never took his temperature but says he felt warm). It wasn't until this morning when he woke up with "sharp, stabbing pain" on his left anterior chest. The pain is nonradiating, has been constant since onset, and is not relieved by tylenol or his inhaler. He states that this has never happened before. Mr. Smith denies any trauma, sick contacts, no history of travel, no SOB/N/V/HA/dysuria/change in BM. 



Meds: inhaler PRN

Surgeries: none

Family Hx- asthma and hypercholesterolemia (dad)

allergies: NKDA

Social: senior in high school, drinks beer socially, denies tobacco/illicit drug use
[Summary]: 17 y/o male with PMHx of exercise induced asthma who presents with pleuritic chest pain that is exacerbated by any movement, stuffy nose, myalgias, possible low grade fever, nonradiating, not relieved by ty
[Notes]: 35yo M with history of back pain and muscle spasms (Motrin 1x weekly) who presents with epigastric abdominal pain. Pain is 5/10, gnawing burning pain associated with nausea and dark stools. Episodes initially occured once a week relieved by Tums, but now occur 2-3x/day unrelieved by medication. Nothing makes it worse. Otherwise, denies sour taste in mouth, associations with meals, worse at night/lying down, or constipation/diarrhea. Denies history of travel or new foods.



PMH/PSH: Back pain, muscle spasms (since age 20)

Meds: Motrin (QWeekly)

SH: Construction worker; 1/2 to 1 pack/day (since age 15, not amenable to quitting today); occasionaly alcohol use

FH: Uncle with peptic ulcer bleeding
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with PMH of back pain and muscle spasms who presents with epigastric abdominal pain, 5/10, gnawing burning, nausea, dark stools, 2-3x/day, relieved by
[Notes]: Stephanie Madden is a 20 year old woman who comes in with headache.

- She describes the headache as all over and dull. It started out as a 2 since yesterday morning and progressed to an 8/10 today. She has never had a history of anything like this, but does admit to a couple headaches in the past. She notes that leaning forward and bright lights make the pain worse. Tylenol and Ibuprofen have not made it better.

- Patient attests to nausea and vomiting three times. Emesis was food particles then turned to green. 

- She denies any blurry vision, dizziness, shortness of breath, chest pain, abdominal pain, changes in sleep, weight, appetite, changes in bowel or bladder habits, numbness, or tingling.

Medical Hx: Negative

Surgical Hx: Negative

Meds: Patient is on oral contraceptive

Allergies: None

Social history: Drinks a couple on weekends. Smokes marijuana 3-4 times a week. 

Family History: Mom has migraines

ROS: As above


[Summary]: 20 y/o female with headache, 8/10, all over, dull, worse with leaning forward and bright lights, nausea and vomiting, no vision changes, no dizziness, no chest pain, no abdominal pain, no changes in sleep
[Notes]: Ms. Wheelan is a 26yo F who c/o heart palpitations x 5 years. Pt reports intermittent episodes of heart "pounding" and "racing" since college. Had 2-3 episodes in 1 month in college. Recently purchased a condo and then lost her job, symptoms increased to 1-2 /day at that time. Was seen in ED 2 weeks ago (normal CBC, metabolic panel, cardiac enzymes, and EKG at that time), after which episodes decreased to once every 2-3 days. Episodes include heart raing, SOB, tight throat, nausea, and feeling hot. Then feels cold and clammy after.

ROS negative except as above. No skin/hair change. No hot/cold intolerance. No fever or weight change. no CP. 

PMH: None, no meds. No allergies. No surg hx. LMP last week, no changes.

Fam HX: none

Social: Recent stressors - financial. Sexually active with boyfriend only. Uses condoms consistently. Worked at boutique, recently lost job. Never been pregnant. 

No tobacco, EtOH, drugs, or caffeine.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with 5 year history of heart palpitations, recently increased to 1-2/day, episodes include heart racing, SOB, tight throat, nausea, feeling hot/cold, no PMH, no meds
[Notes]: 17 yo M complaining of left chest pain since yesterday upon awakening. The pain is sharp and doesn't radiate, patient tried tylenol and albuterol with no relief; pain is aggravated with movement or deep breathing. Patient has associated stuffy nose and muscle ache for a few weeks but no sick contacts. Denies cough, SOB, light headedness, dizzyness, weakness, appetite change, trauma, weight change, numbness or tingling.

ROS: wnl except as above

Meds: tylenol, albuterol

Allergies: none

PMH: Asthma excercise induced well controled

PSH: none

FH: father asthma hypercholesterolemia, Grandfather MI

SH: student works part time as carpenter assistant, has a girlfriend sexually active and uses condoms, no smoking, ocassional beer at party, marijuana sometimes, patient does rock climbing approximately 3 per week
[Summary]: 17 y/o male with PMH of asthma who presents with left chest pain since yesterday, sharp, nonradiating, not relieved by tylenol or albuterol, associated with stuffy nose and muscle ache, no sick contacts
[Notes]: Patient is a 35 year old male who presents with burning in his epigastric region for the past 5 months. He states the pain is rated 5/10. States that there are no exacerbating factors. Burning was initially alleviated with TUMs but is no longer helping. Admits to nausea, no vomiting. Admits to darkened stools but no bright red blood. Denies history of recent travel or changes to his diet. Denies chest pain, constipation, diarreha, changes with urinary habits. Patient works as a contruction worker and has lower back pains for which he takes motrin. States that there are increased stressors in his life with his wife and work.



ROS: negative except as stated above

Allergies: NKDA

MEDs: Motrin 200mg 1/wk

PMH: None

PSH: None

SH: Smokes 1/2-1 PPD since age of 15. Occasional alcohol use but has since stopped. Currently not sexually active.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with PMH of lower back pain who presents with burning epigastric pain for the past 5 months, 5/10, no relief with TUMS, nausea, darkened stools, increased stressors in life
[Notes]: 67 yo female comes to the office due to problems sleeping. The problem began 3 weeks ago, about the same time of her son's death. She drinks a cup of coffee in the morning. Usually sleeps around 4-5 hours per night, do not need to use an alarm. She reports loss of interest, feeling sad, decrease energy and eating more than usual. She denies any weight changes, suicidal ideations or thinking of hurting herself or others. She does not watch tv before bed, usually takes a relaxing bath. Does not wake up multiple times in the night. Denies any headaches. Denies intolerance to temperature, hair loss, skin dryness. 

PMH: hypertension

Meds: Hydrochlorothiazides, lininopril. denies side effects 

PSH: none

Allergies: NKDA

FH: father had hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and died of a stroke. mother depression 

SH: denies smoking or illicit drug use. drink 2-3 cups of wine a week. sexually active with her husband. Denies decrease libido
[Summary]: 67 y/o female with PMH of hypertension who presents with problems sleeping for 3 weeks, associated with the death of her son, reports loss of interest, feeling sad, decrease energy and eating more than usual, denies any weight changes, suicidal ide
[Notes]: 35 yo presents with cc of "stomach problems." Pain is started 2 months ago in the epigastric region, and is burning/gnawing in nature, 5/10, intermittent, non-radiating. Admits nausea without vomiting since this began. Denies diarrhea/constipation, admits dark stools, denies bright red blood in stools. Tums seemed to help the pain at first, not anymore.  No aggravating factors.  Denies heartburn, no weight loss. PMHx chronic back pain/muscle spasms for which he takes Motrin, no other meds, no hospitalizations or surgeries, FH bleeding ulcer in uncle, construction worker, denies drug use, admits to few alcohol beverages per week, ssmoked cigaretted since 15 (1/2 pack per day) SexHx: monogamous with 1 partner for years, but STD/HIV history unknown
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with PMH of chronic back pain/muscle spasms who presents with epigastric pain for 2 months, burning/gnawing, 5/10, intermittent, associated with nausea, dark stools,
[Notes]: 20 yo F c/o headaches. Started yesterday morning suddenly. Bilateral pain, 8/10 dull constant pain. Pain worse light. Pain not relieved by tylenol, ibuprofen or sleep. Nothing makes the pain better. Admits to nausea and vomitting, photophobia, neck stiffness, runny nose, anorexia, and fatigue. This is her first episode of a headache like this. She denies any aura, head trauma. Headache has no rlation to food or menses

ROS: negative except as above

Allergies: none

Meds: tylenol. ibuprofen, oral contraceptives

PMH: none

FH: mom has migraines, dad has hy cholesterol

SH: works in a sporting store. Denies smoking. dinks 2-3 beers on weekend and occasional marijunana use. Sexually active with one partner and uses condums regularly
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with PMH of none who presents with headaches for 1 day, 8/10, bilateral, dull, constant, worse with light, associated with nausea, vomitting, photophobia, neck stiffness, runny nose, an
[Notes]: 20 yo F presents with 8-10 hours of RLQ pain. Pain is 5/10, dull, achy, crampy, and non radiating. Last meal last night at dinner. Anorexic since dinner. Walking makes it worse, ibuprofen only made the pain slightly more manageable. No associated nausea, vomiting. She has had diahrrea for the last 2 days. No associated fever per patient. No hematochezia, melena.



OBHx: Menarche 13. LMP 2 weeks ago. 28 day cycle, period lasts 4 days. Regular. Uses 4 tampons on first day. No vaginal symptoms. Uses condoms. G0. Never had a pap smear.



ROS - negative unless noted above.

PMH - none

PSH - none

FH - None

SH - Student. alcohol 2x per month, no illicit drugs, not sexually active for the last 9 months.

Meds - Ibuprofen

Allergies - None
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with PMH of none who presents with RLQ pain for 8-10 hours, 5/10, dull, achy, crampy, non radiating, associated with anorexia and diarrhea, no fever
[Notes]: Ms. Madden is a 20 y/o F with no PMH who presents with 1 day hx of headache.

-Dull, constant ache that is the worst headache of her life

-Never had this before. Previous headaches lasted 10-15 mins, resolved w/o medication

-Ibuprofen 4 tabs yesterday, Tylenol 2 tabs today without improvement

-No aura

+Photosensitivity, subjective fever

-Worse with bending and walking

ROS - no numbness or tingling, no diarrhea, constipation, dysuria, dizziness, chest pain, dyspnea or rash

Meds - Daily OCP

Allergies - none

Social - no stress, lives with a roommate, good mood.  1 cup coffee in AM, 2-3 drinks of alcohol/week, no drug use.  Sexually active with 1 male w/ condoms.

Family History - mother with migraines, father with hyperlipidemia
[Summary]: 20 y/o female with PMH of none who presents with 1 day hx of headache, dull, constant ache, worst headache of her life, no aura, photosensitivity, subjective fever, worse with bending and walking.
[Notes]: HPI: 26 yo F comes for a followup visit for palpitations. She had heart pounding 2 weeks ago and had numbness in her body. She also has nausea and is getting the palpitations frequently every2-3 days now. She feels tightness in her chest during the episode and gets cold and clammy after the episode. It occurs suddenly and lasts for 15-30 minutes. She has just lost her job and is worried if she would find another job. She denies of chestpain, cough, SOB, LOC, weakness, tingling of her body. No urinary or stool incontinence. No aura. NO fever, no abdominal pain,no heat intolerance, no sweating,no diarrhoea.

ROS: Negative except as above All:None Medications:None PMH: she is having similar problem since last 5 years PSH:None OB/Gyn:noncontributory SH:doesnot drink alcohol,doesnot smoke or use illicit drugs. FH:None
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with PMH of similar palpitations for 5 years who presents with palpitations for 2 weeks, heart pounding, numbness, nausea, tightness in chest, cold and clammy after episode, 15-30
[Notes]: 35 y/o male with no past medical history presents with complaints of gnawing, epigastric pain x 2 months that is increasing in frequency. Pain lasts 1-2 hours at a time. He has tried taking tums with no relief. Notes associated nausea and bloating, but denies any vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. Stools are darker than usual, but denies any frank blood in toilet. No recent weight loss. He has not had any chest pain, SOB, jaundice, rashes, fevers. He takes ibuprofen once per week for back pain due to working construction >10 years. He drank 1-2 beers per week up til three weeks ago, denies any recent alcohol consumption. He has smoked 0.5-1 pack per day for the past 20 years and is not ready to quit. Denies any drug use. Diet is mostly fast food. Family history significant for bleeding ulcer in uncle.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with no PMH presents with gnawing, epigastric pain x 2 months, increasing in frequency, 1-2 hours, associated nausea and bloating, no vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, darker stools
[Notes]: Chad is a 35 year old male presenting with 2 month of stomach pain. The pain comes and goes with no pattern and no relation to food. It Initially occured once per week, and now occurs 2-3 times per day. It lasts 1-2 hours and is associated with nausea. He feels bloated after eating and has noticed dark colored stools for several weeks. He denies any sweating, palpitations, diarrhea, or constipation.

ROS: As above

PMH: Back pain and muscle spasms

PSH: None

Meds: Motrin, NKDA

Family History: Uncle had a "bleeding ulcer", no cancer history in family

Social: Few beers sometimes, only on weeks. Denies episdoes of binge drinking. Smokes 1/2 pack of cigarrettes per day since Highschool. No drug use.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with PMH of back pain and muscle spasms presents with 2 month of stomach pain, 2-3 times per day, 1-2 hours, associated with nausea, bloating, dark stools, few beers sometimes
[Notes]: hpi:pt mr hamilton presents to the clinic with abd pain that started 2mnts ago.pain is located in epig region and has been worsening since then. pain is gnawing in character, last for 1to  2hrs,severity 5/10, pain never occured before. doesnt radiate, toms relieves pain and no aggravating factors. pain not ass with food intake. no constipation,diarrhea

Ros:no contributory

pnh:been healthy

med:uses motrin and toms for back pain

no hosp,nkda,no ill contact, no recent travel

fhx:parents are healty, uncle with bleeding duodenal ulcer

shx:smokes sine he was 15yrs 1ppd, drinks 2to 3 bottles of beer per week, eats whatever he has, used to exercise but stopped cos of pain

not sexually active, going tru a diveorce with wife
[Summary]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 y/o male with no PMH who presents with 2 month of epigastric pain, gnawing in character, 1-2 hours, severity 5/10, relieved by Tums, no associated
[Notes]: 44 yo female with h/o HTN presents with abnormal uterine bleeding starting three years ago. Used to have period every 28 days, now gets it earlier and later frequency. Heavy periods lasting 2-6 days at times, rarely light. 5-6 pads per day. No spotting. Decrease in cramps. One episode of nausea/vomiting last week. Took 3 home pregnancy tests which were negative last week. Has Copper IUD for 4 years. never happened before. not relieved or aggravated by anything. no surgical history. no chest pain, shortness of breath, constipation, blood in stool, hematuria, dysuria, abnormal vaginal discharge. Eats low fat, low salt diet, walks 3-4 times a week. Office manager. Has also noticed early morning awakenings. Sexually active with husband, does not use condoms, no history of STI's. Last pap smear annual was normal. normal mammogram. no tobacco or recreational drug use. Drinks alcohol occasionally. Meds: hydrochlorothiazide 12.5mg.
[Summary]: 44 y/o female with PMH of HTN presents with abnormal uterine bleeding for 3 years, heavy periods 2-6 days, 5-6 pads per day, Copper IUD for 4 years, early morning awakenings, sexually active with
[Notes]: Pt is a 46yo F presents w/ c/o of anxiety for the past few weeks. It started after she was switched from being a research professor to a teaching job. She has teaching on monday and her anxiety is the worst on sunday and monday. The quality is overwhelming anxiety. She has associated insomnia and loss of appetite. Nothing makes it better and sunday monday make it worse. She denies any headache, fatigue, weakness, change in weight, excessive sweating, edema of extremities. PMH is negative, Medications are tylenol for tension headaches infrequently; No past surgeries; No NKA; Family history not pertinent; Social hx of no smoking, social drinking of 1 serving/ wk, no recreational drug use; lives at home with husband and one kid; OBgyn hx: P2G2, menstrual history regular and every 4wks with periods lasting 4 days, sexually active with just husband  and husband had vasectomy; home is safe and no risk for abuse
[Summary]: 46 y/o female presents with anxiety for past few weeks, worst on Sundays and Mondays, associated insomnia and loss of appetite, PMH negative, no smoking, social drinking 1 serving/wk, no recreational drug use, P2G2,
[Notes]: Pt is a 35 YO w CC of stomach prob

Pts has epigastrium pain, burning, nagging, 5/18 pain for last 2 months associated w/ bloating, Nausea and darkened stool. He denies any urinary or bowel changes. He denies any greasy stool or diarrhea and urinary symptoms and fever or chills. He tried tums which used to help but not anymore.  Eat fast food mostly. He feels worried about it  affecting his job. his uncle has PUD. He is a current smoker 25 Pack year and drinks alcohol 2-3 night. He is not sexually active.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with epigastric pain, burning, nagging, 5/10 for last 2 months associated with bloating, nausea, darkened stool, relieved by Tums, fast food diet, smoking 25 pack year,
[Notes]: Stephanie is a 20 yo female presenting with a headache. States that it started yesterday morning when she woke up. Has never had a headache this bad, notes 8/10 pain not relieved w/ ibuprofen or sleep. pain is a diffuse ach. Also had nausea and vomiting. No dizziness. Bright lights bother her eyes but loud noises do not. headache is worse when bending forward. Feels like she's had a fever. Denies rash and sick contacts. 

PMH: none

PSH: none

meds: oral contraceptive pill

allergies: none

family history: mother w/ migraines

social: lives in apartment with roommates, works at sporting good store while taking online classes, sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms, 2-3 glasses of wine less than 1x/week, 3-4 joints of marijuana/week, no other substance use
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with 8/10 headache, diffuse ach, nausea/vomiting, worse when bending forward, feels like fever, no dizziness, bright lights bother eyes, PMH negative, PSH negative, O
[Notes]: 20 yo f c/o headache x 2 days,progresive in nature,constant,non radiating,no relieving factor ,aggravated with walking and bending forward associated with fever x 2 days constant and vomiting 3 episodes contained food and bile non foul smelling and non blood tinged.Pt reports stiffness of neck and nausea x 2 days

No h/o skin rash,ill contact,chest pain,SOB,LOC,seizures,vision changes,changes in bowel or urinary habbits.

ROS:nothing except above

PMH/PSH:none

FH:mother has migraine father has HTN

Allergies:none;Medication:OCP

SH:no smoking,ocasional EToh, smoking marijuana x 2 yrs 3-4 joints/day.Sexually active monogamous

OBGYN:Nulligravida LMP 2 weeks ago,regular cycles no spotting,use OCP
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with headache x 2 days, progressive, constant, non-radiating, no relieving factor, aggravated with walking/bending forward, associated with fever x 2 days and vomiting 3 episodes, mother has migraine, father has
[Notes]: 35 year old patient. stated heavy periods for 6 months, and have noticed irregular menses occuring once ever 2 months with increase in tampon use every2hours. no clots. Prior periods regular 1/30-35 days uses 4tampons. stated sxual activity with EX husband of 9 years. currently sexually active with boyfriend of 1 year with no condom use. no vaginal discharge, itching, burning, no cramping. denied mood swings. stated weight gain of 10-15lb over last few months. denied cold and heat intolerance, no changes in appetite 

Social: has 2 adopted daughters 3 and 5, no tobacco, no illicit drug use, alc occasionally.

Aunt with breast cancer and
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presents with heavy periods for 6 months, irregular menses every 2 months, increased tampon use every 2 hours, sexual activity with ex husband and current boyfriend, no condom use, no vaginal discharge, no cramping, no
[Notes]: MS. POWELTON 20 Y F C/O RLQ ABDOMINAL PAIN, SINCE THE LAST 8-10 HOURS, DULL TYPE OF PAIN, SEVERITY BEING 5/10, NON RADIATING, IMPROVES WITH IBUPROPHEN, CONSTANT TYPE OF PAIN, ASSOCIATED WITH DIARRHEA 4-5 EPISODES, AND WATERY IN CONSISTENCY, PATIENT DOES NOT COMPLAIN OF FEVER, SHE HAS HAD 3-4 SIMILAR EPISODES OF RLQ PAIN IN THE PAST 6 MONTHS, WHICH SUBSIDED ON THEIR OWN. PATIENT HAS PASSED FLATUS AND STOOLS ABOUT AN HOUR AGO. NO H/O RECENT TRAVEL, NO H/O COUGH, NO H/O CHEST PAIN, 

OB/GYN: LMP 2 WEEKS AGO, REGULAR PERIODS, 4 PADS A DAY, LAST FOR ABOUT 3-4 DAYS

PMH: N/A 

PSH: N/A 

FH: N/A 

SH: NON SMOKER, NO H/O ETOH, NO H/O RECREATIONAL DRUGS, SEXUALLY ACTIVE WITH 1 PARTNER, USES CONTRACEPTION 

MEDICATION HISTORY: IBUPROPHEN 

DRUG ALLERGIES : NKDA
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with RLQ abdominal pain for 8-10 hours, 5/10 severity, non-radiating, improves with ibuprofen, associated with diarrhea 4-5 episodes, watery in consistency, LMP 2
[Notes]: 26 year old female presenting for a followup after presenting to the emergency room for palpitations two weeks ago. At that time she was experiencing finger numbness bilaterally, SOB, nausea, and throat tightness. Cardiac workup including CBC, metabolic panel, cardiac enzymes, and EKG was within normal limits. She has experienced similar symptoms for 5 years but about 3 weeks ago the symptoms became more frequent. She is not experiencing any symptoms today.



PMH: denies

Meds: denies

Allergies: NKDA

Surgeries: denies

FH: denies

Social: denise smoking/drugs. +social alcohol use. sexually active with one partner, reports condom use. Feels safe at home. Reports some increase in social stressors over the past 6 months including unemployment and buying a home. 

ROS: denies fevers, chills, vomiting, chest pain or tightness, abdominal pain, dysuria, hematuria, constipation, diarrhea, skin changes
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents for follow-up after presenting to ER for palpitations two weeks ago, experienced similar symptoms for 5 years, no symptoms today, denies PMH/meds/allergies/surgeries/FH,
[Notes]: HPI: 35 YO F CO IRREGULAR PERIOD SFOR THE PAST 6 MONTHS. LMP WAS 2 MONTHS AGO AND SHE REPORTED HEAVY BLEEDING RECENTLY AND CHANGING PAD EVERY 2 HOURS. SHE REPORTED WEIGHT GAIN 10-15 LB/ 6MONTHS WITH NO CHANGE IN APPETITE. SHE REPORTED SKIN PIGMENTATION ON THE FINGERS AND NECK FOR THE PAST 1 YEAR ANF FATIGUE.  SHE DENIED ANY BREAST DISCHARGE, VISION CHANGE, COLD INTOLERANCE, ABNORMAL HAIR GROWTH, VAGINAL SPOTTING OR DISCHARGE, CRAMPING PAIN WITH PERIODS. MENARCHE WAS AT AGE 12 . NO PREVIOUS PREGNANCY AO ABORTION

SH: SEXUALLY ACTIVE WITH HER BOYFRIEND, NO OCP, NO CONDOM

ROS: NEGATIVE EXCEPT AS ABOVE

MEDS: NONE

ALL: NKDA
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presents with irregular periods for the past 6 months, heavy bleeding recently, changing pad every 2 hours, weight gain 10-15 lb/6 months, skin pigmentation on fingers/neck, fatigue, denies breast discharge,
[Notes]: 20 year old female presents with a dull, achy, constant, diffuse nonradiating headache worsening since yesterday morning. Reports associated nausea and vomiting x 3, subjective fever, photophobia and diffuse muscle aches. Pain worsens with walking and bending over. Reports using tylenol, ibuprofen and rest with no relief. No prior history of similar headaches. Denies cough, congestion, changes in vision, weakness, lightheadedness, dizziness, abdominal pain, or chest pain. No known sick contacts. Denies recent life stressors

PMH:none

No prior hospitalizations

PSH: none

Allergies: none

Family history: migraines (mom), high cholesterol (dad)

SH: patient does not smoke, drinks 2-3 beers/wine on weekends, smokes 3-4 joints/week
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with a dull, achy, constant, diffuse nonradiating headache worsening since yesterday morning, associated nausea/vomiting x3, subjective fever, photophobia and diffuse muscle aches, worsens with walking
[Notes]: 35yo AA M with hx of 2months mid epigastric pain with some nausea 2-3x a day, no vomiting, pain wakes him from sleep, states some fatigue as well. Pt states some darker stools last 2 weeks. Pt states pain 5/10, non-radiating, not associated with food. Pt takes 4oomg once a week motrin with food for back pain. Antacids helped at first, but not now.



PMH: back pain

SHx: none

Meds: Motrin 400 mg week

All: none

FH: no GI cancer, uncle with peptic ulcers

Soc: Pt married but separting, sexually active with only wife; alc: none now, previous 3 x week; tobacco: none Drugs: none
[Summary]: 35 y/o African American male presents with mid epigastric pain with some nausea 2-3x a day for 2 months, no vomiting, pain wakes him from sleep, states some fatigue as well, darker stools last 2 weeks
[Notes]: Stephanie Madden, is our 20-year-old female pt, with no significant PMH, presenting to our clinic with CC of headache. The headach started yesterday morning and awoke her from sleep with a global 2/10 pain and has progressed to a 8/10 global pain. She has had associate body aches and increased pain with back and neck flexion. Nothing aleviates the pain other than laying down and darkness, she tried ibuprofen and alieve which were both ineffective. She has had N/V since headache began, no diarrhea, no dizziness, no changes in urine or deficaiton. No allergies, or other medications. She is on birth control and has one male sexual partner with whom she uses condoms consistantly. No prior surgeries, she does not smoke, does drink small amount of ETOH on weekend, and marijuana 3-4 times a week. She lives in apartment with 1 roomate who has not been sick recently. 



T: 99.8F (37.7C), B P: 135/85 mm Hg, H R: 92/min, R: 20/min
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with headache since yesterday morning, associated body aches, increased pain with back and neck flexion, N/V, on birth control, one male sexual partner with whom she uses condoms, no smoking, drinks E
[Notes]: 67 year old female presents with 3 weeks of sleep disturbances which began after the death of her son. Since that time, she has had sad mood and difficulty falling asleep, which has taken up to 1 hour, tossing and turning at night, and early awakening between 4-5AM and is unable to fall back asleep. She has daytime fatigue and some loss of interest in activities. Her appetite is slightly increased. She has experienced hallucinations of her deceased son, but she is aware they are not real. She has taken Ambien for sleep which did not help. She denies and suicidal or homicidal ideation, guilt, difficulty concentrating, or psychomotor retardation or agitation. 



ROS: no headache, fever, CP, SOB, Abd pain, N/V

PMH: HTN, BC in remission for 10 years

SH: lumpectomy, laparotomy for ruptured appendicitis

meds: HCTZ 25mg, Lisinopril 20mg

allergy: none

social hx: has strong support from family. ETOH 3-5/week. Never smoker,no illicit drugs.
[Summary]: 67 y/o female presents with 3 weeks of sleep disturbances, sad mood, difficulty falling asleep, tossing and turning at night, early awakening, fatigue, increased appetite, hallucinations of deceased son, denies suicidal/homicidal ideation, guilt
[Notes]: CC 35-year-old male, has come to the physician's office today because of stomach problems. He reports burning , gnawing sensation in the upper middle stomach x 2mo , worsening , gradual onset was relived by TUMS .he is a construction worker and uses pain medicines frequently for back pains.the pain is 5/10 and sometimes wakes him up from sleep but has no changes with position .pt denies dysphagia, wt changes,regurgitation of food and vomiting. He has not noted any changes of pain with diet , does not take spicy food , no h/o palpitation,lightheadedness or LOC

 has reduced appetite and nausea and feels weak .he has noticed his stool is darker but there is no changes in caliber, frequency or urinary habits

ROS NEG

PMH allergy hospi none Meds,tums and motrin

FH uncle had bleeding peptic ulcer

Smokes 1/2 ppd since 15 y , occasional etoh but quit no rec drugs

not sexually active no h/o STD
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with burning, gnawing sensation in upper middle stomach x 2mo, worsened gradually, relieved by TUMS, no changes with position, no dysphagia, wt changes, regurgitation of food,
[Notes]: 45F here for 3 weeks of "nervousness". Pt has been feeling "internally nervous", which has made it difficult to fall asleep and a/w decreased appetite. It has affected both her professional and personal life. She denies tremors, headache, CP, SOB, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. Denies weight changes, intolerance to cold/heat, or changes in her vision. Denies palpitations, racing heart, or feelings of impending doom/CP/discrete episodes of panic. She has never experienced this sensation before and it is concerning to her. She is under increased stress recently with taking care of family including aging mom at home. 

ROS: as above

PMH: occ headaches

SurgHx: none

FH: mom - healthy; dad - sudden MI @65

SocHx: works as English professor and recently transitioned from research to lectures. Lives with aging mother, husband, child (1 at college). Walks 3x/week, good diet. No tobacco, etoh, drugs. 5-6 cups coffee/day
[Summary]: 45F presents with 3 weeks of "nervousness", difficulty sleeping, decreased appetite, affects professional and personal life, under increased stress due to taking care of family, no tremors, CP, SOB, nausea, vomiting, etc.
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26 y/o female who presents for follow up of ED visit for palpatations with negative workup.

- previous ED visit 2 weeks ago - CBC, metabolic panel, troponin, EKG WNL

- epsiodes past 5 years ago, currently started in past 3 weeks, increased to 1-2x/day, now once every couple of days

- sporatic onset

- SOB, tight throat, no pain, 

- tired afterwards, no tonic-clonic activity, or loss of bladder or bowel

- no identifiable trigger

- recent stressors given purchased condo and lost job

meds: none

Fhx: none

SHX: lives alone, No ETODH, caffine, drug use






[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents for follow up of ED visit for palpitations, episodes past 5 years, increased to 1-2x/day, now once every couple of days, SOB, tight throat, no pain, tired afterwards
[Notes]: CC: heart pounding 

HPI: Patient is a 26 year old F who presents for a follow up visit after going to an ER 2 weeks ago for heart pounding with numbness in the fingers ,SOB, nausea, throat tightness, going from hot to cold and clammy. It lasts for 15-30 minutes and gets better on its own. It is not associated with any time of the day or trigger. Patient is stressed due to buying a condo 3 momths ago and losing her job 2 months ago. Her symtoms first started 5 years ago but got worse ini the past 3 weeks which prompted the ER visit. She denies any chest pain, weakness, numbness, diarrhea, constipation. 

ROS: negative except above

PMH: none 

PSH: none 

MEds None 

Allergies: NKDA 

FH: non contributory 

SH: lives alone, unemployed, no tobacco, drug or alcohol use, sexually active with 1 partner, uses condom and no STI history
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents for follow up of ER visit for heart pounding, numbness in fingers, SOB, nausea, throat tightness, going from hot to cold and clammy, 15-30 minutes, no chest pain, weakness,
[Notes]: 17 yo M c/o sudden onset of non radiating sharp left sided chest pain which started 1 day ago. he feels warm denies cough, dyspnea or wheeze pain is 7/10 on deep inspiration and movemenr. relieved by rest. history of recent heavy lifting at job 2 days prior. no vomitting, bowel or urinary changes. no sore throat, swollenb glands. no rash. reports history of stuffy nose and muscle aches days prior but no rhinorrhea currently. no history of travel, sick contacts or ppd testing. no urinary or bowel changes

ros as bove

pmh: exercise induced asthma

meds: tylenol, alubetrol mdi last use 6 months ago

nkda

sh: non smoker, use of marijuana while in college but no current use. rock clims frequently, no particular diet works as a carpenters assistant 

fh: dad has asthma and hld, grandfather had MI 2 rs ago

sexually active with girlfriend only with condoms,
[Summary]: 17 y/o male presents with sudden onset of non-radiating sharp left sided chest pain, 7/10 on deep inspiration and movement, relieved by rest, history of recent heavy lifting, no rhinorrhea, no travel, sick contacts
[Notes]: HPI: 20 yo F patient complains of headache that srarted yesterday morning. It is continuous and has increased in severity since then. It is dull aching. Exacerbated by walking and bending froward, no relieving factors. tried ibuprufen, but no help. She also reports photophobia nd neck stifness. NO loss of consciousness or seizures. NO contact with sick people. She has nausea and vomiting. Feels warm, but didn't take temperature. decreased appetite since yesterday. Regular periods every 1 month for 5-6 days. 

ROS: negative except as above. 

meds: OCPs PMH: noncontributory PSH: noncontributory allergies KNDA

SH: no smoking. sexually active with one partner, uses condoms. smokes marijuana, last use few days before attack. Works as saleswoman
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with headache that started yesterday, dull aching, exacerbated by walking and bending forward, photophobia, neck stiffness, nausea, vomiting, decreased appetite, regular periods, no smoking, sexually active with one partner, uses condoms
[Notes]: CC: headache

HPI: Ms Madden is 20 y/o female complaing of headache. Headache started yesterday morning. The headache is all over her head and is constant and dull in nature. The pain has gradually increased over time to an 8/10 in severity. She endorses photophobia. She also endorses nausea and has vomited food-colored vomitus three times. She has tried tylenol and ibuprofen to no avail. The pain is worse with walking and bending. She also has pain in her neck with movement. She endorses a subjective fever and rhinorrhea as well. She denies changes in vision, sound-sensitivity, chills, chest pain, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, musculoskeletal pain/numbness.

ROS: per HPI 

PMH: neg

PSH: neg

Meds: oral combined contraceptive 

Allergies: nkda 

Family medical history: father-HLD, mother-migraines 

Social: works in sporting store. Lives with roommate, drinks 2-3 drinks/week, negative tobacco use, +marijuana use (3 joints/week)
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with headache that started yesterday, 8/10 in severity, photophobia, nausea, vomiting, pain in neck with movement, subjective fever, rhinorrhea, negative vision, sound-sensitivity, chills,
[Notes]: Mrs. Moore is a 45 yo F with a few week hx of persistent nervousness manifesting as difficulty falling asleep, and decreased appetite in the setting of a recent change in postion at work from researcher to english professor/lecturer. She lectures on Mondays, and notes that she only looses her appetite on Sunday evening and Monday mornings. She feels her general nervousness is worse on those days, but is present every day. Has difficulty falling asleep every night but is able to stay asleep. Denies dizziness, palpitations, SOB, weight changes, bowel changes, headache, and nausea/vomiting. Enjoys her new job, but recognizes she is stressed at home. Her mother is ill and lives with her, and she also takes care of her in-laws nearby. worried about being able to keep up with everything. 

ROS: See HPI

PMH: None

PSH: None

Meds: tylenol prn

Allergy: NKDA

FH: father - MI; mother lives with pt.

SH: social alcohol, no drugs/tobacco
[Summary]: 45 y/o female presents with persistent nervousness manifesting as difficulty falling asleep, decreased appetite in the setting of a recent change in position at work, worsens on Sundays and Mondays, denies dizziness, palpitations, SOB, weight
[Notes]: 45 yo female co nervousness for the past two week. Pt states that she has never had this before. She has been eating less as well as dificulty sleeping. pt states taht she has just bugun to present lectures at the college again and has many responsibilities at home to include her mother whom has many mediacal needs at this poin. She also statd that she helps take care of her inlaws and together with her new lectuing she feels greatly ovewhelmed. especially on sunday nights as she preps for her monday morning lectures. 

PMH: none

PSH:  none

Alergies:  NKDA

Medication: only the ocasional tylenol

Hospitalizations: 2 vaginal birth with no complication

Fx: insignificant

ROS: wNL  except as above

LMP: 1 week ago

SH: married , mother lives with her. ocupation english lit Professor of 15 years. no smoke drug
[Summary]: 45 y/o female presents with two week hx of persistent nervousness manifesting as difficulty falling asleep, decreased appetite in the setting of a recent change in position at work, worsens on Sundays and Mondays, denies dizziness, palpitations
[Notes]: Ms. Whelan is a 26 yo woman who presents with palpitations, which have recently been occurring more frequently. She reports that she has episodes of 15-30 minutes of heart pounding, which is associated with shortness of breath, nausea, throat tightening, and a hot-to-cold feeling. A couple weeks ago one of these episodes was associated with some transient bilateral finger/hand numbness, which resolved but prompted her to visit the ED. In the last 5 years she has had 3-4 such episodes. However, she has been experiencing them every 2-3 days in the last 3 weeks. The patient notes that she was laid off from work 2 mos ago and is now seeking employment. Denies specific triggers.



ROS: Denies fever, weight loss, heat/cold intolerance, changes to skin or hair

PMH: No other medical issues

MEDs: Not taking any medicines

SHx: No caffeine, EtOH, smoking; sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms

FHx: Non-contributory


[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents with palpitations, 15-30 minutes of heart pounding, associated with shortness of breath, nausea, throat tightening, and a hot-to-cold feeling, transient bilateral finger/hand numbness, occurring every
[Notes]: HPI: 67 YO F C/O DIFFICULTY FALLING ASLEEP SINCE HER SON DIES 3 WEEKS AGO. SHE WAKES UP EARLY IN THE MORNING AND SLEEPS FOR 4-5 HOURS EVERY NIGHT WITH SLEEP LATENCY OF ABOUT 1 HOUR EVERY NIGHT. SHE DOESN'T FEEL REFRESHED IN  THE MORNING BUT DENIES ANY SNORING DURING SLEEP. SHE ASO FEELS SAD ALL THE TIME, POOR CONCENTRATION, ANHEDONIA, LOW ENERGY BUT DENIES ANY SUICIDAL IDEATION. SHE DENIES ANY TREMORS, HEAT INTOLERANCE OR WEIGHT CHANGES. SHE REPORTS VISUAL HALLUCINATIONS ABOUT HER SON AND AUDITORY HALLUCINATIONS YESTERDAY IRRELEVANT TO THE INCIDENT.  NO FEVER, WEAKNESS, NUMBNESS, RASH OR URINARY OR BOWEL CHANGES.

ROS: NONE EXCEPT AS ABOVE.

PMH: HTN * 15 YEARS.

PSH: NONE.

ALL: NKDA.

MEDS: HCTZ, LISINOPRIL

FH: DEPRESSION IN MOTHER, HTN AND HYPERCHOLERSTEROLEMIA IN FATHER.

SSH: MONOGAMOUS WITH HUSBAND, NON SMOKING, OCCASIONAL ETOH 2-3/WEEK, NO ILLICIT DRUG USE.
[Summary]: 67 y/o female presents with difficulty falling asleep since her son's death 3 weeks ago, wakes up early in the morning and sleeps for 4-5 hours every night with sleep latency of 1 hour, feels sad all the time, poor concentration,
[Notes]: 44 yo F c/o irregular periods x 3 years

Her last normal period was 3 years ago.  Periods uses to be for 5 days every 28 days, 3 pads with occasional cramping. Now has 2-6 day cycles which are iiregular, sometimes heavy, other times light, unpredicatble pattern. Reports vaginal dryness in past year and drenching night sweat 1 week ago. No vaginal discharge or itching. No skin or hair changes. Had an episode of nausea and vomitting last week. No mood changes.

OB/GYN: LMP 3 years ago, menarche 14.  G2P2, no abortions, Last pap smear was NL 1 yr ago

ROS: Except above

Meds: HCTZ

All:NKDA

PMH: HTN

PSH: Nil

FH: Mother-osteoarthritis, overweight, brother-HTN

SH: nil smoking or drugs, occasional EtOH. Sexually active with husbandf onl. Walks 3-4 x a week. 

PMH:
[Summary]: 44 y/o female presents with irregular periods x 3 years, 2-6 day cycles, sometimes heavy, other times light, unpredictable pattern, vaginal dryness, drenching night sweat 1 week ago, nausea and vomiting last week, no mood
[Notes]: HPI: 45 y/o woman is presents with constant nervousness. She has never had this happen before adn it started a few weeks ago around the time she started teaching Eng lit at college. She is usually not afraid of public speaking she says. She feels overwhelmed all the time and nothing makes it feel better. Sometimes it is unbearable and she cannot fall asleep. She takes care of her 2 children on her own even tho she is married because her husband works a lot and takes care of his parents. No assoc headache, n/v/d, parasthesias, numbness, tingling, sleeps well once she is ASleep and feels rested. No abdominal pain, no UE weakness  or LE weakness. Pt is healthy  otherwise. 



ROs: neg. unless noted above. 

Pmh: None

FAm Hx: mom healthy, dad died of a heart attack 

Social Hx: drinks wine, non smoker, no drugs, married with 2 kids. low sexual libido but happy with husband.  College lecturer. 

Meds: tylenol sometimes

allergies: NKDA


[Summary]: 45 y/o female presents with constant nervousness for the past few weeks, associated with her new position as a college lecturer, no associated headache, nausea, vomiting, or weakness, drinks wine, non-smoker, no drugs, married with
[Notes]: 45 yo female cmplaining of feeling nervous. 

symptoms started 2-3 weeks ago and are getting worse

patient describes inner feeling of nervousness but denies palpitations, sweating, chest pain. 

patient reports difficulty falling asleep, she sleeps about 7hours per night

patient reports decreased apetite but denies weight loss

patient reports decreased libido

no precipitating event

no alleviating factors

Patient admits beeing under a lot of stress in her work due to upcoming lectures she has to give and in private life and due to her familiy duties

ROS: negative except as above, LMP 1 week ago

PMH/PSH : none, Medications: tylenol occasionally, NKDA

SH: professor, no smoking, alcohol occasionally, no illicit drug, she exercises regularly






[Summary]: 45 y/o female presents with feeling of nervousness for the past 2-3 weeks, associated with stress in her work and private life, difficulty falling asleep, decreased appetite and libido, no palpitations, sweating, or chest pain.
[Notes]: Ms. Edie Whelan is a 26 year old female with chief complaint of palpitations. She describes getting heart racing sensations once a month for the last 5 years. These episodes have inreased in frequency n the last 3 weeks to 2 times a day. She also complains of sense of doom, shortness of breath, nausea, and feeling hot and then cold during these episodes. She went to the ER 2 weeks ago after feeling numbness in her fingers during an episode. CBC, EKG, metabolic panel, and cardiac enzymes within normal limits at ER. The finger numbness has not returned in subsequent episodes.  Denies fevers, vomiting, headaches, abdoinal pain, heat intolerance, or diarrhea. 

PMH: None. PSH: None. Meds: None. Allergies: None. Family history: No significant history. Social history: Denies smoking, denies alcohol, denies illicit drugs. Sexual: Sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms, denies chance of being pregnant. Feels safe at home.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents with palpitations for the past 5 years, increased in frequency to 2 times a day in the last 3 weeks, associated with sense of doom, shortness of breath, nausea, feeling hot and then cold,
[Notes]: 20F c/o headache. Severe headache started yesterdam AM. Holocephalic and dull, constant, aching sensation without throbbing or squeezing sensation. Differs from her 'typical' headaches. + photophobia/nausea/vomiting, - phonophobia. Subjective warmth and + runny nose, -chills/night sweats. Feels like neck is stiff. Bending over worsens headache. No rash/abdominal pain/diarrhea. No numbness/weakness/tingling/vision changes (floaters, diplopia, blurry)/difficulty speaking. No recent travel/sick contacts. Up-to-date on vaccinations. No hx pregnancy, menarche started at 13 and regular, LMP 2 weeks ago. 

ROS: as stated in HPI. PMH: none. Medications: OCP. ALLERGIES: none. SURGICAL HISTORY: none. FAMILY HISTORY: mother w/ migraines, dad with hyperlipidemia. SURGICAL HX: none. SOCIAL HX: no tobacco, 2-3 beers a week socially, smokes 3-4 joints of marijuana a week. Works in sporting goods. Has boyfriend, sexually active w/ barrier + OCP
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with severe headache, holocephalic and dull, constant, aching sensation without throbbing or squeezing sensation, associated with photophobia, nausea, vomiting, subjective warmth, and runny nose, no recent travel or
[Notes]: HPI: Ms. Madden is a 20 y.o. F complaining of headache. She rates the pain as 8/10 in severity. This is the first time this headache has happened before. She has tried tylenol, ibuprofen, and sleeping without relief. Light, bending forward, and walking make the intensity of the headache worsen. She describes the pain as a dull constant ache over the entirety of her head (both front and back, "all over"), and the pain does not radiate. The pain has been constant throughout the day, though it has gotten progressively worse since it began. She also complains of nausea and vomiting since the pain began and has vomited three times. Vomitus did not contain blood or coffee ground material but became green on the last episode. 



ROS: negative except as stated in HPI

Medications: oral contraceptives

Allergies: None

PMH: negative

PSH: negative
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presents with severe headache, constant, aching sensation over entirety of head, associated with nausea, vomiting, light, bending forward, and walking make intensity of headache worsen.
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 year old male complaining of non-radiating localized midepigrastric abdominal pain. Described his pain as gnawing 5/10 pain that he described as gnawing in nature with moderate relief with Tums.  Patient has also had accompanying dark brown stools and nausea without emesis.  He has never experienced symptoms like this before; He has been smoking 1/2 pack cigareetes for the past 20 years with moderate alcohol intake.  He has an uncle with a bleeding ulcer as well.  Denies fevers, chills, increased pain after meals/relief, recent travel/sick contacts, current back pain, hematuria, relief after defecation, change in appetite, change in growth; 

NKDA; No current medications;


[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with non-radiating localized midepigastric abdominal pain, gnawing 5/10 pain, accompanied by dark brown stools and nausea, with a history of smoking and moderate alcohol intake, and an
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35-year-old man presenting with epigastric pain and nausea x 2 months. The pain is a burning sensation (5/10) that began about 2 months ago and occured ~1x/wk. Since then, it has increased in frequency to 2x/day. Nauseated but has not vomited. Pain occurs randomly, w/ no clear triggers. Poor sleep because pain sometimes wakes him up at night. Food does not make it better or worse. Tums was helping but has stopped helping over the past 2 weeks. Appetite good but eating less b/c of bloated/full feeling. No weight changes. Over last 2 weeks, stools have grown darker--now very dark brown--but still formed. Has taken motrin 400 mg/week ~10 years for pain. Denies reflux, heartburn. Denies lightheadedness or dizziness. Normal urination. 

ROS: neg except as above

PMH/PSH: none

Meds: tums, motrin

All: none

FH: Uncle "bleeding ulcer"

SH: Lives alone. Construction worker. EtOH: 2-3 beers/wk. Tobacco: .5-1 ppd x 20 yrs.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with epigastric pain and nausea for 2 months, burning sensation (5/10), increased in frequency to 2x/day, accompanied by dark brown stools, poor sleep, bloated/full feeling,
[Notes]: a 35 year old female patient coming for heavy menstrual bleeing started 6 m ago was bright in color and not assocaited with sexual intercourse or anything else , her LMP was two weeks ago and recently not regular and uses pads every 1 to 2 hours, her menarche was at age of 12 and she hasnt had any pregnant before. her last pap smear check was 6m ago and was normal , she denied any fever nor vaginal dischrge or chest pain or abdomin pain nor nausae nor vomitting , she gained about 10 p recently 

ROS neg excpet above 

PMH none 

PSH none 

medications none 

FMh cervical cancer of her grand mother and breast cancer of her aunt,  social ;sexually active with her boyfriend and dousnt use condomes recently 

works as schuler none smoker none alcoholic
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presents with heavy menstrual bleeding for 6 months, bright in color, not associated with sexual intercourse, LMP 2 weeks ago, not regular, uses pads every 1-2 hours, menarche at 12, no pregnancy
[Notes]: 35 YO f c/ h/o oligomenorrhoea,  and menorrhagia x 6 months.  in last 6 mo she got 2 periods, and her LMP 2 months ago, when she got her periods its flow heavily 1 pad change/hour. she also noticed unintentional wt gain 15 ibs x 6 mo. good appetite.

no constipation, skin /hair changes, no depression,  no dyspareunia, no dryness vaginan 

Married 9 yrs and not yet concived/

ros: neg except as above

pmh/psh/med: none

fh: aunt had breast cancer, grandmother had cervical ca. 

sh: non smoking, no etoh, no illicit drugs, monogamus, not using condom.
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presents with oligomenorrhoea and menorrhagia for 6 months, 2 periods in last 6 months, LMP 2 months ago, heavy flow 1 pad change/hour, unintentional weight gain 15 lbs in
[Notes]: 35 yo M c/o epigastric pain , that started 2 months ago. Pain is burning, intermittent, 5/10, without radiation. He feels nausated , but did not vomit. He reports dark stool, loss of appetite. Denies food relashenship, fever, urinary habits changes, recent travel, diarrhea/ constipation, rash. Tums helps with pain, but not anymore. 

ROS(-) except as above

NKDA

MEDS: Motrin for pain

PMH: none

PSH: none

FH: uncle had bleeding ulcer 

SH: 05-2 PPD / day since age 16, 1-2 bears/week, but now stoped. No illicit drugs. no sexual active




[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with epigastric pain for 2 months, burning, intermittent, 5/10, without radiation, nausea, dark stool, loss of appetite, relief with Tums, no food relationship, no fever, no urinary
[Notes]: HPI: 44 year old female presenting with irregular periods. Periods have been "unpredictable" for the last three years, occurring every 3-6 months w/ bleeding lasting 2-6 days and varying in amount from heavy to light flow. She also complains of vaginal dryness for the last year alleviated by lubrication. She woke up from sleep last week "drenched in sweat". She describes having "hot flashes" for the last two years lasting approx 1-2 minutes. Denies change in weight, change in bowel habits, fatigue, hirsutism, hair loss and mood change. LMP 2 months ago, had two negative home pregnancy tests last week.

ROS: per HPI

Allergies: NKDA

Meds: HCTZ, IUD (x4yrs)

PMH: Hypertension

FHx: No thyroid disease or premature ovarian failure

Obstetric: G2P2, uncomplicated pregnancies (children 10 and 14yrs)

Social: No cigarette or illicit drug use. <1 drink EtOH/month. Sexually active w/ husband, uses protection. No Hx of STD
[Summary]: 44 y/o female presents with irregular periods for the last three years, varying in amount from heavy to light flow, vaginal dryness for the last year, hot flashes for the last two years, two negative home pregnancy tests last week. Hypert
[Notes]: a 67 y/o F presents with sleeping problems for the last 3 weeks after her son died in a car accident. she reports difficulty falling asleep and early awakening. although she denies depressed mood, she reports loss of interests, feeling tired all day, having low energy level and feeling 'drained' durnig the day. 

no suicidal ideation. 

she had 2 episodes of hallucinations, once she imagined seeing her dead son and the other is hearing party noises that later she discovered were imagined. she has however full insight that thses things are imagined.

no appetite or weight changes. no snori 

she tried Ambien for her sleeping issues with little help.



ROS is otherwise unremarkable.

medications: HCTD. lisinopril and ambien.

PMH: history of breast cancer in remission for 10 years. hypertesnion

PSH: right lumpectomy, appendectomy

SH: no smoking or illicit drug use. drinks 2-3 glasses of wine per month. good support system
[Summary]: 67 y/o female presents with sleeping problems for the last 3 weeks after her son's death in a car accident, difficulty falling asleep and early awakening, loss of interests, feeling tired all day, low energy level, 2 episodes of hallucinations with full
[Notes]: 26 y.o. female comes to clinic for episodes of "heart pounding, sense of impending doom/death, feeling cold and clammy, nausea, shortness of breath, and tight throat". These episodes are occuring 1-2x/ day over the last 3 weeks, before that they were happening "every couple of days" over the last 5 years. These episodes last approximately 15 minutes and the patient cannot identify a trigger that causes them. Attacks come  on"out of the blue". Nothing makes them better or worse, they just pass on their own. 2 weeks ago, she presented to the ED because she had the above symptoms plus tingling in her hands, that visit revealed normal CBC, CMP, EKG, and cardiac enzymes. She denies any previous medical history, previous surgery, no allergies, no pertinent family history. Social history: never smoker, occasional alcohol, no caffeine or drugs, sexually active, uses condoms. ROS negative except above. Denies weight change or heat intolerance.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents with episodes of heart pounding, sense of impending doom/death, feeling cold and clammy, nausea, shortness of breath, and tight throat 1-2x/day for the last 3 weeks, before that
[Notes]: 35  yo m c/o stomach pain

started 2 months ago, getting worse, intermittent, 2 times per day, last 1-2 hrs, epigastric pain, burning sensation,  no radiation,  5/10, no related to trauma

has nausea, dark stool for 2 wks,  poor appetite due to pain,  bloating

denies vomitting, fever, changes in BM  or weight, 

PMH /PSH NONE

nkda, taking mortron for back apin due to his job as a constructor

father had peptic ulcer disease and bleeding

smoking 1/2 - 1 ppd for 20  yrs, now decreased to 2 cigrrate per day,  occasionally drinking alcohol, no illicit drugs,  expriecing divorce now, no sex life
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with epigastric pain for 2 months, worsening, intermittent, 2 times per day, last 1-2 hrs, burning sensation, 5/10, no radiation, nausea, dark stool for 2 wks,
[Notes]: 35 YO M PRESENTED WITH BURNING EPIGASTRIC PAIN FOR THE PAST 2 MONTHS. HE REPORTS, NAUSEA BUT NO VOMITING. THE PAIN IS 5/10, WAKES HIM FROM SLEEP, INITIALLY GOT BETTER WITH tUMS, NOTHING MAKES IT WORSE. NO RELATION TO FOOD. NO RADIATION. NO RECENT TRAVEL HISTORY. NO CHEST PAIN. NO ITCHING OR YELLOWING OF SKIN. HE DOES REPORT DARK STOOLS ON AND OFF, NO URINARY COMPLAINTS. 

ROS: NEGATIVE EXCEPT AS ABOVE

PMH: BACK PAIN DUE TO CONSTRUCTION WORK

PSH: -

MEDS: MOTRIN ONCE A WEEK ATLEAST

ALLERGIES: NKDA

FH: UNCLE HAD BLEEDING PEPTIC ULCER

SH: CONSTRUCTION WORKER, SMOKES A PACK A DAY, STOPPED ETOH USE, NO DRUGS. NOT CURRENTLY SEXUALLY ACTIVE


[Summary]: 35 y/o male presents with burning epigastric pain for the past 2 months, wakes him from sleep, initially got better with Tums, no radiation, nausea, dark stools on and off, no urinary complaints, uncle had
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26-year-old female in the clinic after being referred by the ER. 2 weeks ago she went to the ER with heart palpitations and numb fingers. She has had the palpitations for 5 years. The palipitations come on suddenly and nothing provoke or alleviates them. After the palpitation episodes she feels tired and has difficulty sleeping. She describes no senstivity to cold, no changes in bowel or urniary habits, no changes in weight, no sleep changes. 

ROS- noncontributory

PMH-none

Allergies-none

OB/GYN-last period 3 days ago, periods come regularly, receives regular pap smears

Social-Currently unemployed works in sales. Sexually active with boyfrined, uses protection. Deneies caffeine, alcohol, tobacco, recreational drug use. Excercises regulalry
[Summary]: 26 y/o female in the clinic after being referred by the ER 2 weeks ago with heart palpitations and numb fingers, palpitations come on suddenly and nothing provokes or alleviates them, after episodes she feels tired and has difficulty
[Notes]: Dillon Cleveland, a 17-year-old male, has come to the student health clinic complaining of heart pounding. Mr. Cleveland's mother has given verbal consent for a history, physical examination, and treatment.  Over the past 2-3 months he has had episodes where his heart is pounding these last 2-3 mins. These episodes are not associated pain, but he did endorse pressure and shortness of breathe in his most recent episode. He denies any nausea, headaches, or changes in vision. Of note, he has been using his roommates adderall 1-2 times a week for studying.

PMH: None

Past surgical history: None

Medications: None other than adderall from roommate

Allergies: None

Family History: Father - heart attack last year; Mother - "thyroid issues"

Social History: student at Cal State Fullerton and studies philosophy. Drinks alcohol on weekends with friends, does not smoke. Used marijuana once.
[Summary]: 17 y/o male presents to student health clinic with heart pounding episodes lasting 2-3 mins over the past 2-3 months, not associated with pain, denies nausea, headaches, or changes in vision, using roommate's adderall 1
[Notes]: 26yo woman presenting with palpitations. First experienced this 5 years ago, spontaneously resolved. Started again 3 weeks ago, but now with numbness and tingling in bilateral fingers. No numbness in toes. Palpitations associated with nausea, SOB, rush of heat and then cold and clammy after. No headache, dizziness, syncope, chest pain. No changes in vision. Presented to ED recently with negative CBC, BMP, troponins, EKG. Denies feeling anxious when episodes occur.

PMHx/PSHx: none

Meds: None

NKDA

FHx: none

SHx: Has been unemployed for 2 months but good support system and savings for financial security. No alcohol use, no tobacco use, no illicit drugs. Sexually active monogamous with 1 partner, regular condom use.
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presents with palpitations 5 years ago, started again 3 weeks ago with numbness and tingling in bilateral fingers, palpitations associated with nausea, SOB, rush of heat and then cold and clammy after
[Notes]: CC: This is a 35 year old M presenting witha 2 month Hx of burnng and knawing epigstric pain. The pain has been getting worse and he rates it 5/10. He tried antacids, but they are not helping any longer. Nothing make the pain worse. He also has had nausea, fatigue, and darker than normal stools. He denies any emesis, weight loss, bowel changes, cough, blood in the stool. and dysphagia. This pain has never happened before and he is worried. MH: None. Meds: Motrin 1x/week for back pain since his 20's. Allergies: none. SH: None. FH: Uncle with PUD. Social: 1/2-1 pack of cigarettes a day since 15 years of age. 1-2 units of beer a month, recently none. Nil ilicit substance use. He is not sexually active. Excercises 3-4x/week and eats truck food or fast food usually.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presenting with 2 month Hx of burning and knawing epigastric pain, pain rated 5/10, tried antacids but not helping any longer, nausea, fatigue, darker than normal stools,
[Notes]: Ms. Madden is a 20 yo F who comes in to the clinic with a headache. It started yesterday morning, and she says it is the worst headache of her life. She localizes it to her whole head, and describes it as an 8/10 constant, dull ache. Ibuprofen, tylenol, and sleep have not helped her. Walking and bending over make it worse. She does endorse feeling warm as well, but denies any chills. Also reports nausea, vomiting, and rhinorrhea which started yesterday, as well as neck stiffness, and body aches. Denies any hematemesis, coughing, sneezing, SOB, or joint pains. No sick contacts.



PMH: none

Surgical Hx: none

SH: drinks 2-3 beers on the weekend, denies tobacco use, smokes marijuana 3-4 times per week for a few years. sexually active with her boyfriend, uses condoms.

Up to date on vaccinations.

NKA
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presenting with headache, worst headache of her life, 8/10 constant, dull ache, ibuprofen, tylenol, and sleep have not helped, nausea, vomiting, rhinorrhea, neck
[Notes]: 20 yo f with 1 day history of severe headache.  Reports dull, constant pain, "really bad".  Has tried Tylenol and Ibuprofen with no improvement.  Walking and bending over increase symptoms.  No previous episodes and reports symptoms getting worse.  Also reports nausea/vomiting (3x episodes), denies blood in vomit.  Denies trauma to head.  Reports that she "felt warm" but no objective fever.  No appetite.  ROS otherwise negative.  

PMHx: Denies

PSHx: Denies

Meds: OCPs

NKDA

FHx: Father - high cholesterol, Mother - migraines

Denies recent changes in menstrual period or irregularity

Sexually active with one male partner, use condoms, no history of STDs

Social: mild alcohol use, marijuana, denies tobacco and illicits


[Summary]: 20 y/o female presenting with 1 day history of severe headache, dull, constant pain, tried Tylenol and Ibuprofen with no improvement, nausea/vomiting, felt warm but no fever, no appetite, ROS otherwise
[Notes]: 26F with no PMHx presents for followup for palpitations. Palpatiations first occured 5 yrs ago and were 2-3 x/wk for the 1st month, but since that time until recently have only occured a few times. In the last3 wls these palpitations have reoccured and became more frequent. At first occuring 1-2x/day, 3 weeks ago, and for the last two weeks only occuring every other day. W/  palpitations she also has SOB, nausea, throat tightness, and a feeling of becoming warm and then cool and clammy. they last for 15-30 min, and come on suddenly w/ no inciting factors and dissipate suddenly. also expiernces a sense of impending doom with these episodes.  2 wks ago she went to the ED for the same symptoms along with acute onset of numbness in fingers that started and dissipated without inciting events

ROS: no vomiting, no diarrhea, no constipation. No chest pain, sleep problems

No allergies, meds.

FHx: non contributory

Soc: no etoh, smoke, drugs
[Summary]: 26F with no PMHx presents for followup for palpitations, occuring 1-2x/day 3 weeks ago and every other day for the last two weeks, associated with SOB, nausea, throat tightness, feeling
[Notes]: HPI: 67 yo f c./o trouble sleeping for the last 3 weeks. The patients takes longer to sleep, awakens early. The symptoms seem to have happened after the death of the patient s son.

The patient reports visual( son standing) as well as auditory hallucinations Party by the neighbors. She has taken medications w/o relief. the patient feels sad, but no weight change, no guilt, no suicidal ideation. increased appetite. decreased interest in activities.

PMH:breast cancer 10 y ago.

PSH: Lumpectomy.

SH: retired receptionist, sexually active with husband, so tobacco or alcohol.


[Summary]: 67 y/o female presenting with trouble sleeping for the last 3 weeks, taking longer to sleep, awakens early, visual and auditory hallucinations, increased appetite, decreased interest in activities. PMH of breast cancer 10 y ago, PSH of lum
[Notes]: 26 yo F no pmh presenting with 3 weeks of palpitations. She visited an ED 2 weeks ago for these palpitations when one of the episodes resulted in bilateral hand numbness. Initial workup (CBC, metabolic panel, troponin, EKG) was all wnl. Palpitations have since continued. They are intermittent, occur daily, and last anywhere from 15-30 minutes. She has associated SOB, throat tightness, feels cold/clammy, and has nausea during these events. The extremity numbness has continued as well. No CP, dyspnea, abdominal pain, changes in bowel movement quality, no dysuria, no vaginal bleeding. No history of anxiety or panic disorders.



pmh - none

psh - none

medications - does not take any OTC medications

ros - as stated in HPI, all other negative

fhx - noncontributory

shx - does not smoke, drink EtOH, or use any other drugs
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presenting with 3 weeks of palpitations, intermittent, occur daily, last 15-30 minutes, associated SOB, throat tightness, feels cold/clammy, nausea, extremity numbness, no CP, dys
[Notes]: Angela Tompkins, a 35 yo f, complains of increasingly heavy periods that come more infrequently. Used to get period every 4-5 wks, lasted for 3-4 days, and went thru 4 tampons on 1st day. Now, she has gotten 2 periods over the last 5 months, lasted 7 days, and went through 7 tampson on 1st day. No associated pain. Complains of fatigue. Gained 10-15 lbs over last 6 months, attributes to eating out more, no change in appetite. History of infertility with perviNo hot flashes, cold/heat intolerance. No dysuria, changes in urinary frequeny. No bleeding outside of periods. Last pap smear was 6 mo ago and was normal. 



PMH: infertility

Surgeries: none

Family: aunt - breast cancer; grandmother-cervical cancer

Social: lives with 2 kids, no concerns of safety, no tobacco or drug use. some social etoh use. Works as administrator. Sexually active w/ boyfriend of 14 months, never had STD, does not use condoms as thinks she cannot get pregnant.
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presenting with increasingly heavy periods that come more infrequently, fatigue, 10-15 lbs weight gain over last 6 months, no hot flashes, cold/heat intolerance, no dysuria, normal last pap smear 6 mo ago,
[Notes]: 45yo female here for evaluation of episodes of nervousness.

States for the past few weeks she has been feelign unbearably nervous. She is caring for her elderly mother, inlaws and children at home, which she reports as overwhelming, and has recently begun having to give lectures at work. Her nervousness is highest the night before and the morning of her lectures, but she still descrbies her baseline as very nervous. She has difficulty falling asleep and decreased appetite.  Has never had this kind of anxiety before. No hx of depression, bipolar disorder, or anxiety.

PMH: Occasionaly tylenol for headaches, otherwise healthy. Regular periods.

PF: Dad died of heart attack, no family hx of mental illness. Otherwise unremarkable.

SH: Drinks 5 -6 cups of coffee a day, no smoking, occasional alcohol in social situations. Works at a university, mother lives with them.

ROS: No recent weight changes, No chest tightness/pain, no SOB
[Summary]: 45 y/o female presenting with episodes of nervousness for the past few weeks, highest the night before and morning of lectures, difficulty falling asleep, decreased appetite, no hx of depression, bipolar disorder, or anxiety. PMH of occasionaly
[Notes]: 35 yo F with no PMH presents for "problems with her periods." She states that beginning 6 months ago periods became heavier, lasting 7 days, and requireing more frequent change of her tamponds than usual. She has only had 2 periods in the last 6 months and LMP was 2 months ago. Menarche 2 months ago. Before this change, periods used to come every 4-5 weeks, lasting 3-4 days, and requiring only 4 changes of tampons. No excessive cramping noted before or after this change. Patient has never been pregnant before. No change in appetite but has gained 10-15 pounds since 6 months ago. She also has a non-pruritic rash on her hands and neck.

ROS: no headaches, breast tenderness or discharge, no intermenstrual spotting, no vaginal discharge, no palpitations, changes in bowel or urinary habits

PMH: none

past surgical history: none

Meds: none

Allergy: NKDA

FH: breast cancer in aunt, grandmother with cervical cancer

sH: no smoking or drinkin
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presenting with problems with her periods, beginning 6 months ago periods became heavier, lasting 7 days, requiring more frequent change of tampons, 2 periods in last 6 months, non-pruritic rash on hands and neck,
[Notes]: Ms. Tompkins is a 35 yo F who presents with "problems with her period." 

-Heavy menstrual cycles for the past 6 mo requiring a "tampon every few hours" 

-2 periods in past 5 months. 

-Never been pregnant, tried for many years and was unsuccessful

-Feels tired, 10-15lb weight gain with no change in appetite. 

-Menarche at 12 yo. Regular after the first yr. Cycle 3-4 days every 4-5 weeks requiring 4 tampons/day. Normal pap smear w/in last year.

-Not currently using contraception (condoms, OCPs, etc.) 

-Rash on fingers and neck x 1 yr

-Denies photosensitivity, arthralgia, myalgias, rash on face or chest

-Denies fevers, chills, sore throat, rhinorrhea, chest pain, SOB, diarrhea, constipation, dysuria, frequency

-No PMHx or surgical hx.

-NKDA, No medications. 

-No tobacco use, alcohol use or drugs. 

-Aunt died of breast ca, grandmother had cervical ca. No hx of rheumatologic disease (RA or lupus).
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presenting with problems with her period, heavy menstrual cycles for past 6 months, 2 periods in past 5 months, never been pregnant, 10-15lb weight gain with no change in appetite, rash on fingers and neck x
[Notes]: RLQ pain starting 8-10 hrs ago. Constant. Getting worse. 4/10 to 5/10. Ibuprofen helped some. Worse with walking. No radiation. Diarrhea 4-5 episodes since last night. No nausea, vomiting. Has had this pain before, last episode 6 wks ago. Usually lassts a few hours and goes away on its own. Came on suddenly. LMP 2 wks ago. Periods regular every 28 days. 4 pads first day. 1 less per day afterwards. Lasts 4 days. Menarche 13. Last sexual encounter 9 months ago. Tested for STDs a few months back none found. Never pregnant.



ROS negative 



FH none

No drugs or EtOH. never smoker. balanced diet. exercises often. Full time student. No sick contacts
[Summary]: 35 y/o female presenting with RLQ pain starting 8-10 hours ago, worse with walking, diarrhea 4-5 episodes since last night, last menstrual period 2 weeks ago, regular every 28 days, last sexual encounter 9 months ago.
[Notes]: The patient is a 35-year-old male with epigastric pain. The pain began 2 months ago. It is 5/10 in the epigastrium. The pain is unrelated to eating. It is a burning/gnawing pain. The pain is intermittent, lasts 1-2 hours, and used to happen once per week, but now it happens 1-2 times per day. Recently it awoke him from sleep. He noticed dark stools recently. He takes Tums but this has not helped recently. He also feels fatigued and nauseous but has no vomiting. There is no retrosternal pain, chest pain, shortness of breath, weight loss, fevers, weakness.

He used to drink 1-2 beers per week but stopped when his symptoms began. He has smoked 1/2 to 1 pack per day for 20 years. He has never done recreational drugs. His diet includes eating out at food trucks regularly. He takes Motrin frequently for back and muscle aches related to his construction work. He feels he has a strong support system. He has an uncle with a "bleeding ulcer".
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presenting with epigastric pain 2 months ago, 5/10, burning/gnawing pain, intermittent, lasts 1-2 hours, occurs 1-2 times per day, recently awoke him from sleep, dark
[Notes]: 35 yo M presenting for "stomach problems."  Pt reports stomach pain for 2 months, pt localized pain to midepigastric area with no radiation.  Pt reports tums seemed to help initially, however 2 weeks ago stopped providing relief.  Pain was initially intermittent, once a week and now has progressed to twice a day every and waking pt up several times a week from sleep.  He rates pain 5/10 in severity.  Endorses nausea, no vomiting. Eating does not seem to change pain, no other worsening factors per pt. Pt reports abdominal bloating which has caused him to eat less.  Denies fever/chills/weight loss. Patient endorses increased stress with work and home life. 

PMH- back spasms

Meds- motrin prn back spasms, tums

NKDA

Fam- uncle with bleeding ulcer

Social- construction worker, going through a divorce currently, few beers/week stopped because of bloating recently, 1/2 ppd-1 ppd since age 15. No drugs. Not sexually active.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presenting with stomach problems for 2 months, localized mid epigastric pain 5/10 in severity, nausea, bloating, increased stress, taking Motrin and Tums, uncle with bleeding ulcer, 1/
[Notes]: HPI: Ms. Whelan is a 26 yo female who presents with palpitations that occur intermittently. She state that her first episode was five yeras ago. Since that time she has not had any other episodes other than 3 weeks ago when they began again. She has eppisodes of sweatting and dizzyness that come out of nowhere and last for about 15-30 minutes. She feels short of breath, nauseated, and tight in her throat with the episode and fatigued after. She denies any loss of vision, seizures, or passing out during these episodes. She denies feeling depressed or manic symptoms. She denis any changes in her sleep, decreased interest in daily activities, decreased energy, change in appetite, manic symptoms, or thoughts of hurting herself. No further + ROS.

Allergies: NKDA 

PMH:none. Last pap smear 6 mo ago. 

PSH:none

FH: none 

SH: Sexually active with 1 partner, safe in relationship. Uses condoms for protection. Denies Alcohol, tobacco, drug use
[Summary]: 26 y/o female presenting with palpitations that occur intermittently, episodes of sweating and dizziness for 15-30 minutes, short of breath, nauseated, tight in throat, fatigued after, no depression, no alcohol, tobacco,
[Notes]: Pt is a 20 yo F c/o headache that started yesterday morning.  Pt states that came on suddenly and states that this worst headache she has felt.  She rates the pain at a 8/10 and describes it as a dull constant ache that has progressive got worst.  She has tried ibuprofen and tylenol and sleep with no improvment.  She notices that walking and bending over makes the pain worst. She states that the pain is all around her head.  She states that light makes it works also, but sound does not.  She has also complains of nausea and vomitting but denies any blood in vomit.  Pt states taht she has been feeling warm also but has not check temperature.  

PMHx: None

Meds: Ibuprofen, birth control, tylenol; NKDA

FHx: None

SHx: single; works at the sporting good store; does not smoke; alcohol 2-3 times a week; Marijuana use 3-4 times a week; sexually active uses condoms and birth control pills all the time
[Summary]: 20 y/o female presenting with sudden onset of severe headache, 8/10, dull constant ache, worsens with walking and bending over, nausea, vomiting, warm, no PMHx, ibuprofen, birth control, ty
[Notes]: This is a 35 year old male who presents to the clinic complaining of stomach problems. He has had burning, gnawing epigastric pain for the last 2 months. He rates it  5/10 non-radiating pain. Nothing makes it worse. Tums helped at first but don't help anymore. There is no association with meals. His bowel movements are mostly regular but are dark in color at times. There is no bleeding. He has had no weight loss but endorses eating less as it causes bloating. His diet consists of fast foods and foods from trucks. He has felt nauseated for 2 months but denies vomiting. He takes motrin once a week for his back pain. He denies fevers and chills.

PMH: back pain and muscle spasms

FH: Bleeding ulcer in uncle; parents are healthy

Surg: denies

SH: tobacco: 20 years 1/2 to 1 ppd; EtOH: few beers previously but has stopped for couple of weeks, no illicit drugs

Meds: Motrin /week

Allergies: denies

Travel: denies

Sex: not sexually active
[Summary]: 35 y/o male presenting with epigastric pain for 2 months, 5/10 non-radiating pain, dark stools, bloating, nausea, no vomiting, takes Motrin once a week, tobacco 1/2 to 1
[Notes]: pt is 67 yo female who presents with complaints of not sleeping well for the last 3 weeks. she says she is able to fall asleep but wakes up frequently during the night and feels tired frequently during the day. she is most concerned about her trouble sleeping and whether it will ever get better. of note, she reports that her son died earlier this month. she had a hard time dealing with it and says it still affects her. she denies any suicidal or homicidal ideation. she does report seeing her son in the kitchen knowing he wasn't there and hearing music that wasn't playing. she lives at home with her husband and says they have a good relationship. she has no problems concentrating but admits to being tired. she says she has been eating more. she previously drank 2-3 glasses of wine a few times a week but has not drank for the past 3 weeks. she has a history pf HTN and takes HCTZ/lisinopril. she denies pain or any other symptoms.
[Summary]: 67 y/o female presenting with difficulty sleeping for 3 weeks, son died earlier this month, seeing son in kitchen, hearing music that isn't playing, eating more, no alcohol for 3 weeks, HTN, HCTZ/lisinop
[Notes]: 17 YO M C/O LEFT SIDED CHEST PAIN FOR 2 DAYS WHICH STARTED SUDDENLY, CONTINIOUS,SHARP/STABBING,NON PROGRESSIVE,AGGRAVATED BY DEEP BREATHING AND MOVEMENT,NO RELIEVING FACTOR,NO RADIATION. HE HAS FEVER,NOT RECORDED BUT NO CHILLS AND SWEATING. HE C/O STUGFFY NOSE AND MUSCLE ACHE FOR 4 DAYS. HE DENIES ANY SOB,COUGH,PALPITATION,SORE THROAT,POST NASAL DRIBLING, FATIGUE,CHANGE IN BOWEL/BLADDER/SLEEP/APPETITE AND WEIGHT.HE IS A ROCK CLIMBER.

ROS: NEG EXCEPT ABOVE

PMH/PSH/MEDS: EXERCISE INDUCED ASTHMA X 4 YEARS, INHALER

ALL:NKDA

FH: FATHER HAS ASTHMAAND HIGH CHOLESTEROL

SSH: NO TOBACCOO,ETOH AND ILLICIT DRUG USE,MONOGAMOUS.
[Summary]: 17 y/o male presenting with sudden onset of left sided chest pain for 2 days, continuous, sharp/stabbing, worsened by deep breathing and movement, fever, stuffy nose, muscle ache for 4 days, exercise induced asthma x
[Notes]: 35 y/o F with 6 month history of irregular periods and heavy flow, no dysmenorrhea

previously periods were every 4-5 weeks now very inconsistent, 2 in 5 months

previously used 4 tampons on first day now uses 7

previously 3-4 day period, now 7 days of flow

increased fatigue in same time period

patient is infertile, has 2 adopted daughters, age 3 and 5, tried to get pregnant for 9 years with no success, never had fertility workup

no dizziness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headaches

no history of excessive bleeding

recent pap smear negative, no recent mammograms

no pain with sex, does not use condoms with monogamous boyfriend of 1 year. negative for STDs 6 months ago

does not smoke, rare alcohol use, no drug use

no allergies, no current medications

aunt had breast cancer at 51 and grandma had cervical cancer at 62

up to date on vaccinations
[Summary]: 35 y/o female with 6 month history of irregular periods and heavy flow, increased fatigue, infertile, no dysmenorrhea, no dizziness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headaches, recent pap smear negative, no pain with sex
[Notes]: 35 yo Man with 2 months of progressive epigastric pain. No specific trigger, or trauma. Denies any changes to diet. Never had pain like this before. Pain is gnawing and burning and 5/10 in severity. Associated with nausea but no vomiting. he takes motrin regularly for back pain and spasms. Tums improves the pain somewhat.  Recently the pain has started to wake him up from sleep during the night (occurs a few times per week). Reports normal BM but says stools are darker brown recently. Denies hematuria, urinary frequency

Reports mood is fine and denies anxiety but does say there's "no end in sight" to this pain. No rashes 

No recent travel. 

Current smoker with 20 pack year history, not interested in smoking

Regular alcohol use a few drinks per week and recently quit 3 weeks ago

Sexual activity: not currently active, recent divorce 6 months ago

Soc: works in construction


[Summary]: 35 y/o male with 2 months of progressive epigastric pain, gnawing and burning 5/10 in severity, nausea, no vomiting, takes Motrin for back pain, dark stools, wakes up from sleep during the night
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton is a 35 year old male who presents with epigastric pain that comes and goes. It has worsened over the past 2 months, he rates it a 5/10. There is no relation to food. Tums has helped in the past. Patient also has had nausea and darker BM. His appetite is decreased due to a sensation of bloating after he eats. He denies fevers, weight loss, jaundice, diarrhea, constipation, urinary changes, and fatigue.

ROS:  negative except as above.

PMH: No chronic medical conditions, no surgeries, no allergies.

Meds: Tums and motrin

Fam hx: Uncle with bleeding ulcer.

Social history: Construction worker, less exercise due to pain, eats what's available at food trucks. 1-2 beers/week (CAGE negative), smoked 1/2-1PPD since 15 -  no interst in quitting currently, no other drugs. Not sexually active currently, no hx of STIs.
[Summary]: 35 y/o male with epigastric pain that comes and goes, worsened over past 2 months, 5/10 in severity, nausea, bloating after eating, no fever, weight loss, jaundice, diarrhea, constipation
[Notes]: The Pt is a 26 Asian female presenting with frequent episodes of palpiations for 2 weeks. They are usually 15-30 minutes in time and is usually asosciated with SOB, tighting of throat, feelings of Hot and Cold, Clamy, nausea. She has had one episode of numbs fingers. About 3 weeks ago it go worse but has tappered down since her last ER visit. She lost her job 2 months ago and bought a condo 3 months ago. She currently denies any anxiety, fevers, chills, abdominal pain, joint pain.

PMH negative, denies lupus, HTN, Diabetes

PSH negative

FH Negative all healthy

Social. She is interview for jobs in a couple of weeks, No ETOH/Drugs/Smoking. Single, sexually active with boyfriend only uses condoms. Regular diet. Excerices a few times out of the week

Meds negative

All NKDA
[Summary]: 26 y/o Asian female presenting with frequent episodes of palpitations for 2 weeks, associated with SOB, tightness of throat, feelings of hot and cold, clammy, nausea, lost job 2 months ago, no ETOH/
[Notes]: Ms. Whelan 26 yo Asian female presents for a follow up for palpitations after visiting the ED 2 weeks ago. Pt palpitations has been occuring on and off for 2 weeks, never had any before, last 15-30 mins, self resolving, can physically feel fast racing heart beats. Associated with SOB, throat tightening up, hot/cold temperature changes, and clammy during palpitations. Pt has been having numbness in all 10 fingers, once 2 weeks ago, has resolved since. No chest pain, dizziness, headaches, fainting,  skin or nail changes, bowel or voiding changes. 

ROS: Negative except as above 

PMH: none 

PSH: none 

FH: mother and father alive and healthy both, no family hx of heart disease 

SH: Denies smoking, EtOH, IV drug use, sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms consistently, no hx of STD/HIV

Obgyn: LMP 1.5 weeks ago, regular monthly, no changes in menstrual cycles 


[Summary]: 26 y/o Asian female with follow-up for palpitations, 15-30 mins, associated with SOB, throat tightening, hot/cold temperature changes, clammy, numbness in all 10 fingers, no chest pain, dizziness
[Notes]: Karin Moore is a 45yo female with no past medical history who presents with "a few weeks" of nervousness and anxiety. She has never felt this way before and has no psychiatric history. She works as a professor and recently took on a new role that requires frequent lecturing, but she does not note feeling particulary nervous while lecturing and has never felt anxious about lecturing in the past. She lives at home with her husband, son, and mother, and notes no new stressors at home or any health changes in her family members. Ms. Moore reports taking longer to fall asleep at night, but notes no decreased sleep. She endorses slightly decreased appetite, but no weight loss. She denies tremor, muslce tension, head aches, fatigue, decreased concentration, anhedonia, bowel changes, or heat intolerance.

PMH: none

PSH: none

Meds: none

Allegies: none

Social: never-smoker, no alcohol or illicit drug use
[Summary]: 45yo female with no past medical history presenting with "a few weeks" of nervousness and anxiety, no psychiatric history, no new stressors, slightly decreased appetite, no tremor, muscle tension, headaches, fatigue, decreased concentration, anhed
[Notes]: Mr Hamilton is a 35 yo male with stomach pain. The pain is epigastric and -radiating for the last 2 months, and feels it is getting more frequent. He states tums used to help with the pain but no longer do. He has been having some nausea, but no vomiting. Over the last 2 weeks he's noticed darkening of his stool, but has not noticed any bright red blood. He does not feel any specific foods make the pain worse, and he cannot predict when the pain will occur. He takes ibuprofen at least 1 time a week. He denies any fevers, chills, headaches, chest pain, changes in urination, or rashes. PMHx: intermittent back pain PSHx/Hosp: none FHx: uncle with bleeding ulcer Meds: ibuprofen, NKDA. SHx: etoh stopped about 3 weeks ago was drinking 1-2 times/week, denies IVDU, smoked since 15 1/2-1 pack/day. works as a construction worker, eats what is available, exercises regularly but pain has been preventing regular exercise recently
[Summary]: 35yo male with epigastric and radiating stomach pain for the last 2 months, nausea, darkening stool, ibuprofen, uncle with bleeding ulcer, stopped etoh 3 weeks ago, smoked 1/2-1 pack
[Notes]: Ms Whelan a 26 y o female presents with palpitations and shortness of breath for the last three weeks. Lasts for 15-30 minutes. Patient felt warm during and cold and clammy after episode. Recent episode was accompanied by numbness in fingers in both hands, temporary and sensation is now restored

ROS: Nausea+, no tingling, sweating, apettite or weight changes, no chest/ abdominal pain. No headaches, vison problems, no bowel or bladder changes (no constipation/diarrhea)

PMH: none, NKDA, PSH: none 

Sexuallya ctive with boyfriend uses contraception. No alcohol, smoking or drug use.

FH: non contributory
[Summary]: 26 y/o female with palpitations and shortness of breath for the last three weeks, accompanied by numbness in fingers, nausea, no tingling, sweating, appetite or weight changes, no chest/abdominal pain, no
[Notes]: 35 year old man presents with 2 months of stomach pain. Pain is epigastric, does not radiate, 5/10 in intensity, and has a burning or gnawing quality. It is intermittent and he has not identified any triggers. Pain episodes last 1-2 hours and occasionally wakes him from sleep. Episodes were initially once per week, but are now 2-3 times per day. Tums initially helped, but don't anymore. Stools dark brown or black for the last month. Patient has also had bloating and early satiety. 15 year smoking history of 1/2 to 1 pack per day. Patient drinks 2-3 beers a few times per week. Uncle with bleeding uclers. No recent travel. Raised in the US. No diarrhea, vomiting, or constipation. Stress related to work in high-altitude construction and separating from wife last year. No jaundice, dark urine, pruritis. No weight changes, fevers, night sweats.
[Summary]: 35yo male with 2 months of epigastric stomach pain, intermittent, 5/10 in intensity, burning/gnawing quality, 1-2 hours, 2-3 times per day, dark stool, bloating, early sat
[Notes]: 45F with no PMH/PSH presents with 3-4 weeks episodes of nervousness accompanied by recent appetite loss (unprovoked) and difficulty following asleep. Recent work changes make it worse, nothing makes nervousness better, no specific timing, no pain. Pt denies palpitations, sweating, tremors, heat intolerance. FamHx: father died of MI at 65. Meds: occasional Tylenol for HA. Lives with husband, child, mother (caring for her for 2 years, indicates this is stressful). Recent work changes (has to do lectures). Occasional social alcohol use, denies tobacco or other drug use. Drinks 5-6 cups of coffee per day for "years" because she likes the flavor, states not for caffeine. No prior dx with anxiety, open to seeing therapist for life stressors and social work for mother's placement etc. Recent well woman checkup 10 mo ago with labs (including BP, cholesterol) wnl per pt.
[Summary]: 45F with 3-4 weeks episodes of nervousness, appetite loss, difficulty sleeping, occasional Tylenol HA, occasional social alcohol use, 5-6 cups of coffee per day, father died of MI at 65.
[Notes]: Patient is a 17 year old male presenting with chest pain. States he has been feeling achy and had a stuffy nose for the past few days and then the pain started the day prior to presentation. States the pain is sharp, associated with breathing and non-radiating. He describes it as a 5/10 at rest and 8-9/10 with movement and deep breathing. States he tried tylenol and his albuterol inhaler with no relief of the pain. Of note, patient states he went rock climbing three days prior to presentation. Denies any recent travel, sick contacts or trauma. Denies any associated chills, back pain, SOB, abdominal pain, changes in bowel habits, rashes, or lymphadenopathy.



PMHx: Exercise induced asthma, well controlled (used albuterol once in last 6 months)

Meds: Albuterol and tylenol

NKDA

Social: Senior in high school, lives with parents, endorses social drinking, denies drug or tobacco use.

Family Hx:
[Summary]: 17yo male with chest pain, sharp, 5/10 at rest, 8-9/10 with movement and deep breathing, tried tylenol and albuterol with no relief, exercise induced asthma, social drinking, denies drug or tobacco
[Notes]: Pt is a 35 yo m with PMH of chronic back pain treated with motrin is here today with abdominal pain. Pain is located at the epigastrium, has a 5/10 intensity, with burning quality, does not radiate, and is progressively happening more frequently (initially 2times/wk now 1-2times/day). Pt denies any triggering factors, is not associated with food, initially was relieved by tums but these don't work anymore. Associated sx include nausea and feeling bloated.

ROS: denies SOB, constipation, diarrhea, heartburn, weight changes, blood in stool.

PMH: back pain

meds: motrin 2 200mg tabs/2x wk; nkda

FH: paternal uncle with peptic ulcer

SH: works in construction; going through divorce, not sexually active in the past 6mo, no hx of STDs; no ETOH, or drugs, smokes 1/2 -1ppd since he was 15 yo.

No hx of surgeries
[Summary]: 35yo male with chronic back pain treated with motrin, abdominal pain located at epigastrium, 5/10 intensity, burning quality, 1-2 times/day, nausea, bloating, denies SOB, constipation, diarrhea,
[Notes]: Ms. Wheeler is a 26yo F with no PMH presenting to clinic for heart palpation. She has a 5 yr Hx of heart palpation that worsened about 3 weeks ago. She describes feeling heart racing and feeling of heart stopping and impending doom. She wen to the ED after experiencing her Sx and was told to F/U in clinic. She says nothing makes her symptoms better or worse, and describes feeling hot and cold and clammy, SOB, nausea, and throat tightness during her episodes. in the past 5 years she has had it infrequently, but for about 1 week 3 weeks ago she had 1-2 episodes daily and in the last 2 weeks about 1 episodes every other day. She denies fever, chills, night sweats, recent trauma, heat or cold intolerence, hair or skin changes, Bowel changes, irregular menses. lost job 2mo ago and bought a condo 3mo ago.

ROS: neg other than iun HPI

PMH, PSH, FH are none

no meds, NKA, diet normal and exercise few times weekly, works as sales consultant
[Summary]: 26yo F with 5yr Hx of heart palpation, worsened 3 weeks ago, feeling heart racing, feeling of heart stopping and impending doom, SOB, nausea, throat tightness, 1-2 episodes daily 1 week ago, 1
[Notes]: Mr. Chad Hamilton is a 35 y/o M with no significant PMH presenting with 2 months of progressively worsening, intermittent abdominal pain.

 - Gnawing pain

 - 0/10 to 5/10 (intermittent, daily)

 - no previous pain or treatment

 - tried TUMS which initially releaved but no longer helps

 - associted with fatigue, nausea and melena; denies vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, and blood in stool

 - moderate ETOH use with no use in the last 2 weeks. 



Meds: Motrin, 400 mg 1x weekly

Allergies: NKDA

PMH: back pain/spasms from heavy lifting associated with his job in high elevation construction

FH: Uncle with peptid ulcer

HRB: 1/2-1 PPD for 20 years


[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 months of progressively worsening, intermittent abdominal pain, gnawing pain 0/10 to 5/10, no previous pain or treatment, tried TUMS, associted with fatigue, nausea and melena, denies
[Notes]: CC: 17y/o M c/o Chest pain

HPI: pain started yesterday morning upon awakening, it is sharp, stabbing in nature, would not give a number on a scale of 1/10, but says it is worse w/ deep breaths and mvements. Alleviated by not moving, Tylenol and inhaler have not helped. It is assoc w/ nasal congestion, feverish x 3-4 days. Rock climber, goes often. Denies Sob, and cough.

PMH: exercise-induced asthma-but no sxs in a long time, no hospitalizations, surgeries, recent illnesses/infx, or trauma. Medications OTC tylenol and albuterol as needed. No drug allergies.

Sohx: high school, enjoys going to school, lives w/ parents and feels supported by them. No smoking hx, drinks alcohol 1-2 beers/month a parties. Marijuana use occasionally at parties. 

Fhx: no similar sxs, Father has HLD, and Grandfather had MI 1 yr ago

ROS: as written above
[Summary]: 17y/o M c/o chest pain, sharp, stabbing, worse with deep breaths and movements, alleviated by not moving, Tylenol and inhaler have not helped, assoc with nasal congestion, feverish x 3
[Notes]: 35 year old male presents with 2 month history of epigastric pain and nausea that has been getting worse. He describes the pain as intermittent, non radiating and localized to epigastirc, with no relationship to eating. He also reports loss of appetite, bloating and dark stools, but without change in frequency of bowel movement (1 per day). He also reports taking 2 motrin per week for his back spasm. He denies fever, chills, night sweats. He denies headache, chest pain, voice hoarseness, shortness of breath, change in urianation freqeuncy/color. 

PMH: intermittent back spasm

Meds: Motrin two tables per week

Allergy: NKDA

PSH: None

FH: uncle diagnosed with peptic ulcer in his 50s

Social History: construction worker, drinks socially, smokes 0.5-1 pack/year for the past 20 years, not sexually active, uses condoms when active
[Summary]: 35yo male with 2 month history of epigastric pain and nausea, intermittent, non radiating, localized to epigastric, loss of appetite, bloating, dark stools, 2 motrin per week for back spasm,
[Notes]: Stephanie Madden 20F 2day history of severe headache associated with neck pain and vomiting

-described as constant, all over head, like "worst hangover of life" 

-endorses photophobia, anorexia, vomit (non bloody, food contents->Green)

-Made worse by walking and bending over; no relievf with ibuprofen or sleep

PMH: None

PSH: None

MEDs: OCPs. All: NKDA

FHx: Mother with migraines

Shx: Never smoker, 2-3 etoh drinks/ weekend day. Marijuana 3-4x/week. No other recreational drug use. Works at sporting good store. Sexually active, monogamous with boyfriend, consistently uses condonms
[Summary]: 20F with 2day history of severe headache, constant, all over head, photophobia, anorexia, vomit (non bloody, food contents->Green), worse with walking and bending over, no relief with ibuprofen or sleep,
[Notes]: ms madden is a 20 y/o F no sig pmhx presenting with 1 day of dull, constant HA to her whole head. Pain is described as to her whole head, 8/10 intensity, with no radiation down her neck or shoulders. She woke up yesterday with this headache and has had n/v (3 episodes), photophobia. Has had headaches in the past but none this intense. Has tried ibuprofen, tylenol, sleeping with no relief of pain. Denies fevers, recent illness, CP, SOB, abd pains, gait disturbances, weakness/numbness to extremities, dysuria, constipation, diarrhea. 



Medications: Birth control Contraception

Allergies: None stated



Pmhx: N/a

Surg hx: N/a

Social:

  Alcohol: 2-3 beers/weekend

  Tobacco: denies

   Other: Marijuana use 3-4 per week for a few years

Family History: Father: HLD

     Mother: Migraine Headaches
[Summary]: 20y/o F with 1 day of dull, constant HA to her whole head, 8/10 intensity, no radiation down her neck or shoulders, n/v (3 episodes), photophobia, tried ibuprofen, tylenol
[Notes]: CC: trouble sleeping

HPI: Ms. Wicks is a 67yo female who presents with a 3 week history of difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep. She is waking up at 3-4am and does not feel rested. Throughout the day she reports decreased energy, lack of interest in previous hobbies, increased appetite. No psychomotor agitation, difficutly concentrating, or SI. Her son recently died several weeks ago prior to the onset of these symptoms. She reports she has taken ambien for the past 5 nights, however, it has not helped. She does report auditory and visual hallucinations including seeing her son, and hearing sounds of a party. She denies hx of depression, or symptoms of mania in the past. Denies command auditory hallucinations.

PMHx: HTN

Surgical hx: none

Meds: Ambien, HCTZ, lisinopril

Allergies: none

Fam hx: Father - HLD, HTN, Mother - depression

Social: denies drug, or tobacco use. Drinks several glasses of wine a week

ROS: negative
[Summary]: 67yo female with 3 week history of difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep, waking up at 3-4am, decreased energy, lack of interest in hobbies, increased appetite, auditory and visual hallucinations, taking Ambien, denies hx of depression
[Notes]: Edie Whelan is a 26 yo F with hx of palpitations. She noticed these 5 yrs ago and they have become more frequent the past 3 wks. She has episodes where she feels her heart racing, throat tightening, SOB, nausea, and clammy for 15-30 min 1+ x daily. when this happens she sits down to catch her breath. she then is fatigued and has difficutly concentrating. She went to ED 2 wks ago when this happened and her fingers were numb. no color change. No feelings of anxiety. does not occur at specific time/location. recent stress- lost job, bought condo. no change in appetite, sleep, no caffeine intake. 

ROS denies syncope, lightheadedness, fever, chills, vomiting, cough, congestion, change in BM, tremors, heat/cold intolerance, joint pain, weakness, weight changes, rash.

PMH none

Med none

All none

Psh none

FH none

SH denies alcohol, drug, and tobacco use. sexually active with boyfriend with consistent condom use. Recently lost job.
[Summary]: 26yo F with 5yr hx of palpitations, episodes of heart racing, throat tightening, SOB, nausea, clammy, fatigue, difficulty concentrating, numb fingers, no anxiety, recent stress of job loss and buying condo, denies
[Notes]: HPI: pt 35 yo m c/o stomach pain, started 2 months ago, mid epigastri pain,intermittent, for 1-2 hrs, pain getting worse,  burning and naughing in quality, 5/10 in intensity,not radiating, antacids used to helped before but not anymore, no aggrav factors; pain awakes pt in the night; not related to food consumption; pt noticed that his stool became darker but no blood there and feel nauseated ;no vomit,  constipation, diarrhea, urinary changes, sick contacts recently, travel hx; weight chamges or appetite changes; 

PMH: no previous cc; no serious illneses; nkda,nka; meds; motrim ( ibuprofen) for the last 10 yrs for the back pain 1-2 pills once a week; no hx of hosp or surg; fhx: no similar cc; no serious illneses in his parents, but uncle has a blueeding ulcer; occup: construction worker; sex hx: not active; 1 f partner 6 months ago, condom use; no hx of std; tobacco:smoking for the last 20 yrs; etoh: 1-2 beers/week, 3 weeks ago stop
[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 month history of mid epigastric pain, intermittent, 1-2 hrs, 5/10 intensity, burning, naughing, antacids used to help, no aggravating factors, pain wakes pt, no
[Notes]: Patient is a 67 year old female with  a history of HTN, breast CA in remission  who comes in complaining of having sleeping problems. She states that for the past 3 weeks she has been only getting 3-4 hours of sleep. She states on August 2nd her son passed away after a motor vehicle accident. In this time she has reports loss of interest in her hobbies, loss of energy,  increased appetite. She reports having auditory and visual hallucination. She denies having any thoughts of harming herself or others. She reports having a good support system at home. She denies snoring, SOB. pain anywhere else in the body. She deneis chest pain, headache, blurry vision, bowel or urinary complaints, rashes, skin changes, hair changes. 



PMHx- HTN, breast CA in remission 

FHx- father died of a stroke

Social hx- denies tobacco, uses alcohol ocassionally 

Meds- HCTZ, Lisinopril
[Summary]: 67yo F with 3 week hx of sleeping problems, 3-4 hours of sleep, loss of interest in hobbies, loss of energy, increased appetite, auditory and visual hallucinations, good support system, denies snoring, SOB, pain,
[Notes]: 45F c/o nervousness for greater than 2 weeks. Associated with a chnage in job roles and taking care of ill mother at home. She states beeing nervous constantly. Also complains of decreased appetite and inability to fall asleep well, but no other depressive sx. Denies changes in diet, including coffee intake. Denies CP, chest palpitations, or SOB during this general nervousness. PAtient complains of occasional headaches due to constant reading.

PMH: -

PSH: -

Meds: Tylenol; Allergies: NKDA

FamilyHx: Father - Deceased due to MI

SocialHx: denies smoking or illicit drug use, social alcohol use. monogamous with husband - postmenopausal. Feels safe at home, just overwhelmed with the work.

ROS: Negative
[Summary]: 45F with 2 week hx of nervousness due to job change and caring for ill mother, decreased appetite, inability to fall asleep, denies CP, palpitations, SOB, occasional headaches due to reading, denies smoking, illicit drug
[Notes]: Mr. Hamilton, 35 yo m.

CC: stomach problems

HPI: started 2 montshs ago, gotten worse (increasing frequency), epigastric burning pain, comes and goes, 5/10 down to 0/10, no relation to meals/food, no pattern with time of day. better at first with Tums, but then not. 

Also has had: dark stools over last 2 weeks, bloating

ROS:

Denies: hematochezia, fever, chills, weight loss, change in urination, rash, CP, SOB, palp, cough, vomit, decreased energy

PMH: back pain and muscle spasms

takes motrin (2 pills 1x/wk)

no surg/hospt

no allergies

FH: uncle bleeding ulcer

SH: alcohol few beers/week

TOBacco since 15 yo
[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 month hx of epigastric burning pain, 5/10 intensity, no relation to meals/food, no pattern with time of day, better at first with Tums, dark stools, bloating,
[Notes]: 35 yo male who complains stomach discomfor since 2 month ago. The pain is located in epigastrium, getting worse, burning and annoying, increased by Tums previously but no more, no exacerbating factor, not related to food, no similar pain before. He denies, chest pain, SOB, constipation, or diarrhea. He reports nauea but no vomiting, 

He does not have skin change,, weight change, fever, chill, joint pain. His mood is fine and no stress. he sometimes wakes up because of pain. No recent travel no URI symptom. He complains dark stool since 2 weeks ago a couple of times per week. and fatigue. no blood in urine.

PMH: back pain and muscle spasm due to gym, 

PSH: none

medication: Motrin sometimes once a week for back pain. 

Allergy: none

no hospitalization before.

FH: both parents healthy, ulcer in his uncle

Smoking: 1/2- 1 PPD for 20 years

alcohol: 1-2 units per week.

no illicit drug,

not sexually active. 


[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 month hx of epigastric burning pain, 5/10 intensity, no relation to meals/food, no pattern with time of day, better at first with Tums, dark stools, bloating, nausea
[Notes]: 35 yo male w/ hx of LBP he takes motrin for presents w/ 2 mo hx of burning sensation in teh upper abdominal area. 

-pain is located in epigastric area not realted to eating comes and goes w/o known causes not allevieted by known cuase

-5/10 when pain occcurs

-Associated w/ bloating after eating, dark colored stool and nausea 

-No f/ch/ns/v



PM- LBP

Med- Motrin 1x/week 

-PSH- none

FM- uncle w/ bleeding ulcer
[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 month hx of epigastric burning pain, 5/10 intensity, no relation to meals/food, no pattern with time of day, better at first with Tums, dark stools, bloating,
[Notes]: HPI: Ms Powelton is a 20 year old female presenting to the ED with RLQ abdominal pain. She has had this similar pain 3-4 times over the last 6 months though this is the worst. It started 8-10hrs ago and has been worsening to 5/10 dull/achy pain. It does not radiate at all and she has taken ibuprofen to help. She also has had diarrhea for a couple days (4-5 times per day). It is brown, loose, and watery. She has had decreased appetite and has noticed her clothes are loose. She denies sujective fever, chills, chest pain, or vomiting.

ROS: as mentioned in HPI

Med Hx: none

Surg Hx: none

Meds: ibuprofen occasionally

Allergies: NKDA

Family Hx: noncontributory

Social Hx: premed student. No smoking, alcohol, or other drug use. Last time having sex was 9 months ago with a male partner. No other partners in the last year. She eats a well balanced diet and exercises regularly.
[Summary]: 20F with RLQ abdominal pain 8-10 hrs ago, 5/10 dull/achy, no radiation, diarrhea 4-5x/day, decreased appetite, denies fever, chills, chest pain, vomiting, no meds,
[Notes]: 17 y o M c/o pounding of the heart x 2-3 months, sudden onset, comes out of nowhere, whem he is sitting, exercising,  5-6 episodes, last episode happened when he was playing basketball. Shortness of breath present associated with the episode. No similar complaints before 3 months. Pt has been consuming caffeinated drinks, coffee 3 - 4 cups, redbull and energy drinks x 7 m since he started college. The pt has also been using his roomates ADDERALL, which he used to use for his ADHD. Pt feels stressed after joining college. Pt denies dizziness, LOC, cough, changes in urination, feeling excessively warm or cold, changes is bowel movements or tremors. THE ROS is otherwise neg

PMH / PSH nil

Meds - nil

NKA

FH - Thyroid problems in mother, dad had a heart disease as well

SH No smoking, EtOh 3-4 beers on the weekends, Smoked pot once. Sexually active, NO STI.
[Summary]: 17yo M with pounding of the heart x 2-3 months, sudden onset, 5-6 episodes, associated with shortness of breath, consuming caffeinated drinks, using roommate's Adderall, feeling stressed since joining college, denies dizziness
[Notes]: 67 yo F with difficulty sleeping for 3 weeks since her son suddenly passed away. She states that she has trouble falling asleep, tosses and turns all night, and wakes up earlier than normal. She has had associated decreased interest in normal activities, poor appetite, and decreased energy. She reports two episodes of hallucinations, one here she saw her son sitting at the dining room table, and one where she heart music from next door even though her neighbors were asleep. She has never had similar symptoms in the past. She denies feeling guilty, difficulty concentrating, decreased appetite, suicidal ideation, or homicidal ideation. She has not had CP, SOB, cough, fever, weight loss, or other associated symptoms.

ROS negative unless otherwise stated

PMH- HTN

PSHx- none

Medications-HCTZ, Lisinopril

Allergies- none

Family Hx- Father CVA, mother depression

Social, denies smoking, drinks 2-3 glasses of wine a few times per week
[Summary]: 67yo F with difficulty sleeping for 3 weeks since her son suddenly passed away, associated with decreased interest in normal activities, poor appetite, decreased energy, two episodes of hallucinations, denies feeling guilty, difficulty concentrating, decreased appetite, suicidal/homicidal
[Notes]: Mrs. Whelan is a 26yo F presenting to clinic for follow-up of palpitations. She was last seen in the ED 2wks where a cardiac work-up was negative. She reports that her palpitations began 5years ago but have worsened in the past 3 weeks which are associated with episodes of "heart racing, SOB, throat tightness, nausea and feeling hot." The episodes occur without trigger and resolve spontaneously, afterwards she reports feeling "cold, clammy and fatigued." She was recently laid off from her job 2mo ago but reports no other changes in lifestyle. She denies chest pain, headache, weight loss, cold/heat intolerance.

ROS: fatigue 

Meds: none

Allergies: NKDA

PMH: unremarkable

PSH: none

SH: denies tobacco, ETOH, drug use. She recently bought a condo and was laid off her job 2mo ago. She is sexually active with her BF. No hx of STI

FH: unremarkable, no psych hx


[Summary]: 26yo F with palpitations x 5yrs, worsened in past 3wks, associated with episodes of heart racing, SOB, throat tightness, nausea, feeling hot, resolve spontaneously, afterwards feeling cold, clammy and fatigued,
[Notes]: 35 y/o M comes in to cliic c/o stomach problms. Present for past 2 months, epigastric in location, has been getting worse, constant, feels it everyday, nothing makes it better or worse now, 5/10, burning/gnawing pain. non radiating. Tums helped initially but not anymore. pt admits to feeling nauseous but has not vomitted. alo reports darkening of stool in the last 2 weeks as well, and has decreased appetite due to feeling bloated.. pt denies vomitting, HA, dizziness, confusion, SOB, CP, change in weight, dysuria, rashes, edema. ros -ve except as above

PMH: back pain and muslce spasms   MED: tims, Motrin for back pain

FH: uncle with PUD

SH: pt is a high elevation construction worker, drinks socially (beer) only a couple beers at a time, smokes 1/2 - 1ppd since 15yrs of age, denies rec drugs, getting divorced from wife, regular stress at work, no feeling of sadness. not currently sexually active, no hx og STD/HIV.
[Summary]: 35yo M with epigastric pain x 2 months, 5/10, burning/gnawing, non-radiating, darkening of stool, decreased appetite, denies vomitting, HA, dizziness, confusion, SOB
[Notes]: a 20 yo female presents with abdominal pain that started 8-10 hours ago , pain is in RLQ , sudden , constant , getting worse , dull achy , no radiation , exacerbated by walking , relieved by ibuprofen , 5/10 severity. she had 3-4 similar episodes in the past 6 months but this one is much worse.

complains of diarrhea that started few days ago , brown loose watery with no blood , 4-5 times a day

denies nausea , vomiting , jaundice , cough , sob, dizziness, headache, fever, dysurea, urinary frequency.

no fever , she lost some weight and has poor apetite

menestrual : her LMP was 2 weeks ago , her periods are regular , every 28 days , last 4 days , has some slight cramps in lower abdomen with period ,started at 13.

ros negative

allergy NKDA

PMH none

PSH none 

MEDS ibuprofen

FH none 

SH non-smoker, occasional alcohol , no illicit drugs , full time student , not sexually active right now , does pillattes and running 2-3 times week


[Summary]: 20yo F with RLQ abdominal pain x 8-10 hours, 5/10, dull achy, exacerbated by walking, relieved by ibuprofen, diarrhea x few days, brown loose watery with no blood, 4-5 times
[Notes]: Angela Tompkins, a 35-year-old female, has come to the doctor's office complaining of  6 months of problems with her periods. Periods have become more spread out and associated with heavier bleeding. 6 months prior, had a regular period every 30-35 days lasting 3 days requiring 4 pads/tampons a day. Now periods come every other month, last 7 days, and reuire changing tampon/ pad every 2 hours. NO associated abdominal pain. No painful menses. Patient states " I am in no pain at all".

ROS: Denies fever chills,nausea vomtiting, chest pain, SOB, Headache, changes in appetitie, urinary or bowel problems. Endorses Weight gain in the past 6 months.

PMH: none

PSH: none

MEds: none, NKDA

FH: FH of breast and cervical cancer

SH: works as a scheduling coordinator, has 2 daughetrs, beer rarely no  tobacco or ellicit drug use

Sexual history: sexually active with 1 partner,no condom use. States she is infertile
[Summary]: 35yo F with 6 months of irregular periods, every other month, last 7 days, require changing tampon/pad every 2 hours, no associated abdominal pain, weight gain in past 6 months
[Notes]: 35 year old female with history of failed pregnancy attempts, presents with 5-month history of abnormal menses. Patient states that her periods were every 30-35 days, 4 tampons on the first day and less as the period continued, and lasted for 4 days. Now, the periods are every other month, changes tampons every few hours, lasts for 7 days. 

Menarche at age 12

Last LMP: 5 weeks ago

Last pap smear: 6 months ago, unremarkable

No past medical history, no surgical history, no allergies, no medications.

Family history: Aunt diagnosed with breast cancer and died at age 51, Grandma diagnosed with cervical cancer and died at age 62.

Last STD exam: Unremarkable, 6 months ago

STD History: Denies
[Summary]: 35yo F with 5mo hx of abnormal menses, every other month, changes tampons every few hours, lasts 7 days, FH of breast and cervical cancer, last STD exam 6mo ago unremarkable.
[Notes]: 20 y/o female presents with c/o of bilateral headache since yesterday. Pt reports waking up with headache and describes the pain as a dull and constant ache. Pt does report stiff neck and achy body. Pt has attempted to self medicate with OTC tylenol and motrin and with continued sleep but she has found no resolution for her pain. Pt does report hx of vomiting which she states started off as food she had consumed earlier in the day but now is of a green color. Pt works as a sales assistant in a clothing store and reports no hx of travel. Pt is on birth control and is sexually active with her BF in which he uses condoms. Pt has no hx of STI and has a family hx of mother with migraines and father with high cholesterol. Pt does report using 2-3 joints of marijuana a week and 2-3 beers per week. Pt has not taken the influenza or meningicoccal vaccination at this time. Pt advised to dc marijuana use.
[Summary]: 20yo F with bilateral headache since yesterday, dull and constant ache, stiff neck and achy body, hx of vomiting (green), works as a sales assistant, on birth control, sexually active with BF (uses condoms), family hx
[Notes]: This is a 20 year old F who presents complaining of right lower abdominal pain for the past 8-10 hours. The pain is described as dull/achey; patient unable to quanitfy 1-10 how bad it is but states that here has been minimal improvement with Ibuprofen. No exacerabting factors. She has had 3-4 similar episodes of pain over the past 6 months but states this is the worst it's been. She reports her last LNMP was 2 weeks ago. Has regular 28 day cycles. 4-5 pads/tampons first day of period which gradually tapers off over a few days. No previous cramping history with periods. Denies vaginal pain, discharge, bleeding. No STD history. Last sexually active 9 months ago. 

ROS: as above and negative for chills, fever, nausea, vomiting, . Positive for diarrhea for 2 days. Positive for loss of appetite

-No PMHx/PSHx. No medications other than PRN Ibuprofen

-alcohol twice a month. No tobacco or drug use.
[Summary]: 20yo F with RLQ abdominal pain x 8-10 hours, 5/10, dull achy, exacerbated by walking, relieved by ibuprofen, diarrhea x 2 days, loss of appetite, regular 28 day cycles, no cramping
[Notes]: Patient is a 20 year old female with sudden onset headache that she woke up with yesterday morning. Headache started as 2-3/10 and quickly increased to 8/10 on pain scale. She describes as constant, and diffuse throughout head without any radiation. Endorses photophobia, and three episodes of vomiting with 1 episode of green vomit. No improvement with tylenol, ibuprofen or sleep. Has had a runny nose and scratchy throat as well. Endorses subjective fevers.

Denies sick contacts, recent chills, diarrhea, constipation, cough, myalgia, dyuria, numbness, tingling or muscle weakness

PMH: none

FMH: mother has migraines. dad with hyperlipidemia

PSHx: none

meds: birth control pills

allergies: NKDA

SH: denies tobacco use; etoh of 2-3 wine/beer most weekends. endoreses using 2-3 joints of marajuana throughout the week. last joint few days before headahce. sexually active and monogamous with boyfriends; uses condoms.
[Summary]: 20yo F with sudden onset headache, 8/10, constant, diffuse, photophobia, 3x vomiting (1x green), runny nose, scratchy throat, subjective fever, mother with migraines, dad with hyperlipidemia
[Notes]: A 17 yo M came to the clinic with a c/o  R sided chest pain. Started yesterday morning, suddenly for the first time. Describes it as a knife like, 5/10 in intensity while still and 8/10 when moving, improved by nothing and worsened by deep breathing. Pain has remained the same since it started, he took some tylenol but it did not help. Also refers having a rhunny nose and generalized muscle pains described as sore and low grade fever. Denies chills, numbness, tingling, weakness, fatigue, SOB, changes in urination/ bowel movements and others. 

ROS: neg except as above

PMH: Exercise induced asthma

ALL: NKDA

MEDS: tylenol, albuterol inhaler. 

PSH: none

FH: Father has asthma and high cholesterol, grandfather has heart problems

SH: high school student, denies smoking, used weed last time last weekend, drinks beer occassionally. Sexually active 1 female partner in last year, denies STIs, uses condoms consistently
[Summary]: 17yo M with R sided chest pain, 5/10, knife like, worsened by deep breathing, rhinorrhea, muscle pains, low grade fever, PMHx exercise induced asthma, FHx father with asthma and high cholesterol,
[Notes]: Mr Chad Hamilton, 35M with 2 months of central abdominal pain, getting worse over last 2-3 days. The pain is 5/10, and does not radiate, and comes and goes, with no specific cause or onset, or association with intake. He has previously taken Tums which helped but now has no effect. He has not had burning pain the back of his throat, or nausea or vomiting.

Noticed occasional dark stools over the last 2-3/52, with no changes in odour. There is no bright blood in the toilet bowl or on the paper. His bowel habits have not changed in regularity at once per day. He passes flatulence as normal.

No loss of weight oor night sweats but has had some loss of appetite. 

SocHx - in process of splitting with wife. Lives alone. Works in high elevation construction. no children. Smoker 1/2-1PPD for 20 years. min EtOH

Medx - Motran, Tums

PMHx - Back pain - different to current symptoms.

Fam Hx - Paternal uncle with bleeding ulcer

ROS - normal
[Summary]: 35M with central abdominal pain x 2 months, 5/10, no radiation, comes and goes, Tums helped but now no effect, occasional dark stools, no bright blood, no weight loss, no night sweats, loss of appetite,
[Notes]: 44 year old woman with h/o 3 years of irregular periods. She states that her periods were regular prior to them becoming variable around 3 years ago. She states her period will last between 2-6 days and will occur every 3 weeks to 4 months. Her flow will range from light to heavy. She has also had hot flashes, night sweats, vaginal dryness and discomfort during sex. She states lubricant helps with vaginal dryness/intercourse discomfort. She denies change in weight, vision, palpatations or diarrhea. 

PMH: HTN

Gyn: G2P2 spontaneous vaginal deliveries, last pap was normal 3 months ago, and no h/o abnormal pap, has had IUD in place for 4 years, LMP 2 weeks ago

Meds: HCTZ

NKDA

FH: HTN in brother, obesity in father, OA in mother

SH: rare EtOH, no tobacco or drug use. works as office manager


[Summary]: 44yo F with h/o 3 years of irregular periods, 2-6 days, every 3 weeks to 4 months, light to heavy flow, hot flashes, night sweats, vaginal dryness and discomfort during sex, PMHx HTN,
[Notes]: cc: headache

HPI: Stephanie Madden is a 20 year old african american female with a 24 hour history of headache. The headache is diffuse throughout her head and does not extend into her neck. She has no eye pain or jaw pain. The pain was sudden in onset. It is a dull/constant ache. She has associated photophobia, nausea, and vomiting. She describes it as an 8/10

PMH: none

Meds: ibuprofen, tylenol, oral contraceptives

Allergies: NKA

Surgical: none

FH: migraines - mother. hyperlipidemia - father

SH: works at a sporting goods store. She drinks 2-3 drinks on the weekend. Denies tobacco use. Smokes 3-4 joints of marijuana per week.

Review of systems was negative for: chest pain, vision changes, hearing changes, shortness of breath
[Summary]: 20yo African American F with 24h history of headache, diffuse, dull/constant ache, 8/10, associated photophobia, nausea, and vomiting, PMHx none, Meds ibuprofen, tylenol,
[Notes]: 20 yo F complains of a HA which started yesterday AM. Her HA began when she woke up from sleep however it did not wake her from sleep. She describes the pain as a dull ache over the entirety of her head with neck stiffness. She endorses three episodes of emesis and constant nausea. Her pain has been increasing and was not relieved with ibuprofen. Her pain is worse when she leans forward. She endorses phonophobia and photophobia. She endorses some mild rhinitis and feeling achy all over. She denies any sick contacts. She said she has no appetite and is able to sleep with this pain. She denies any change in vision, diarrhea, constipation, shortness of breath, or chest pain. 



ROS: negative unless in HPI

Social History: worse at a sporting store; sexually active with one male partner, uses condoms; smokes 3 joints a week of marijuana; drinks 3-4 alcoholic drinks on weekends; LMP was 2 weeks ago

PMH: none

Past Surgical History: none
[Summary]: 20yo F with HA, dull ache over entirety of head with neck stiffness, emesis, nausea, phonophobia and photophobia, rhinitis, worse when leaning forward, no appetite, no change in vision, no chest pain,
[Notes]: Mr Hamilton is a 33YO M with no relevant PMHx who presents with 2 months of worsening epigatric pain. Pain does not radiate. Describes pain at a 5/10. Does not change with meals or bowel movements. Nothing makes it better or worse. Also endorses nauseau, bloating and decreased desire to eat. States pain has been slowly worsening and comes and goes. Denies any fevers, chills, night sweats, fatigue, infectious symptoms, vomiting, or diarrhea/constipation. Does note darkening of his stools recently. Denies urinary changes.



PMHx: Occasional back pain, muscle spasms

Meds: Occasional tums, tylenol. 

Allergies: None

Surgeries: None

Family Hx: Paternal uncle with bleeding peptic ulcer

Soc Hx. Lives alone. Works as a construction worker. Tobacco use since age 15, 1/2-1 pack/day. Is not interested in quitting. Recently quit drinking, formerly drank 1-2 drinks/week. No drug use. 

Sex Hx: None



ROS: Negative except as stated above
[Summary]: 33yo M with 2 months of worsening epigastric pain, 5/10, no radiation, nauseau, bloating, decreased desire to eat, darkening of stools, PMHx occasional back pain, muscle spasms, Med
[Notes]: Ms Wicks is a 67 yo female who presents to the clinic complaining of three weeks difficulty sleeping. She defined difficulty sleeping as trouble falling asleep, "lying in bed," and "tossing and turning" throughout the night. She states that her son passed in an automobile accident three weeks ago. She has a support group, and seeks comfort in talking with friends and family. She denied auditory or visual hallucinations. She denied feelings of guilt, but endorsed fatigue, loss of appetite, and anhedonia. She denied suicidal and homocidal ideation. She is open to speaking with a  counsler.



PMH: HBP, controlled with lisinopril and HCTZ

Sh: Non contributory

Fh: Father passed from a stroke, Mother lived with depression.
[Summary]: 67yo F with 3 weeks of difficulty sleeping, secondary to son's death 3 weeks ago, denies auditory/visual hallucinations, fatigue, loss of appetite, anhedonia, open to speaking with counselor, PMHx HTN controlled with lisin
[Notes]: Mrs. Moore 45 year old female presenting with "feeling nervous all the time". This feeling started over the last few weeks and has remained constant. Associated symptoms include decreased appetite. She denies any changes in weight, no malaise, headache, fever, diaphoresis, chest pain, palpitations, SOB, or abdominal pain. She denies any feelings of impending doom, but is concerned about the multiple stressors in her life such as her mom moving in with her, kids, and husband and the lack of time. Negative 2 question depression screen. 

ROS: Negative except above

PMHx: None

NKDA

Meds: Tylenol for occasional headaches

Surgical Hx: None

Family History: MI in Father 65 y/o dead, Mom None

Social: denies tobacco use, drinks one glass of wine per week, no drug use, consumes up to 6 cups of coffee daily, sexually active with husband up until recently due to nervousness

OB/GYN: G2P2, LMP 1 week ago

No psychiatric history or hospitalizati
[Summary]: 45yo F with feeling of nervousness for last few weeks, associated decreased appetite, denies feeling of impending doom, PMHx none, Meds tylenol for occasional headaches, FHx MI in father, Sx denies tobacco use,
[Notes]: cc:  stomach pains

HPI:  Patient complains of gnawing, intermittent, nonradiating epigastric pain rated 5/10 on the pain scale; associated with nausea.  

ROS:  no vomiting, cough, chest pain, back aches; not associated with fever; claims to have body aches and darker stools occasionally

PMHx:  treated for back pain and muscle spasm

Medications:  Motrin once a week

Allergies:  none

PSHx:  none

Family Hx:  noncontributory

Social Hx:  patient works in construction;  he smokes 1/2 to 1 PPD for the past 20 years;  drinks beer occasionally; does not use recreational drugs

Sexual Hx:  had one sexual partner; uses condoms
[Summary]: Patient with gnawing, intermittent, nonradiating epigastric pain rated 5/10 on the pain scale associated with nausea, no vomiting, cough, chest pain, back aches, no fever, body aches and darker st
[Notes]: Pt is a 35-year-old male presenting with stomach pain. Pt has been experiencing the pain in the epigastric region for the past 2 months. The pain lasts 1-2 hours during episodes, is burning in nature, does not radiate. Pain previously relieved with tums. Pain is not made worse by lying down or movement, and not associated with food intake. Pt endorses stress from work and ongoing divorce. Pt takes motrin for body aches from work. Pt endorses having dark colored, formed stools and nuasea during episodes of pain. Denies any diarrhea, SOB, chest pain.  

ROS: No weight loss, fatigue, weakness, fever

Surg hx: none

Allergies: none

Meds: tums, motrin

FH: uncle with bleeding gastric ulcer, parents healthy

SH: currently going through a divorce, lives alone, works as construction worker, smoking 1ppd for 20 years, does not use alcohol currently, previously drank 3-4 beers/week, denies additional drug use




[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 months of epigastric pain, burning in nature, does not radiate, relieved with tums, not made worse by lying down or movement, dark colored, formed stools and nausea during episodes, PMHx
[Notes]: 17yo M presenting with heart pounding. It began 2-3 months ago and feels like "heart is trying to jump out of chest." He has experienced it a total of 5-6 times with no obvious trigger. The episodes last about 3-4 min and resolve on their own with no associated chest pain, diaphoresis, nausea. The last episode was 2 days ago and he experienced some SOB and lightheadedness.

ROS: as above. No nausea, vomiting, tremors, anxiety, or weight loss

PMH: none

PSH: none

Meds: aderall, up to twice per week, not prescribed to him

Allergies: one

FH: mother- thyroid, father - MI

SH: Colleg student, undecided major. No smoking. Drinks 3-4 drinks twice weekly. One-time marihuanna use, otherwise no drug use. Sexually active with girlfriend of 1 year, uses condoms every time.
[Summary]: 17yo M with heart pounding for 2-3 months, episodes last 3-4 min, no chest pain, diaphoresis, nausea, SOB and lightheadedness with last episode, PMHx none, PSHx none,
[Notes]: Dillon Cleveland is a 17yo male with a 3-4 month history of heart pounding. These palpitations come on suddenly and last four 3-4 minutes each. The most recent episode was accompanied by a pressure sensation in the chest and shortness of breath. The patient denies headache, chest pain, pallor, dizziness, diaphoresis, weight changes, heat/cold intolerance, hair loss. The patient drinks 3-4 cups of coffee per night and 1-2 energy drinks during the week to keep up with studying. He has also been taking his roommates prescribed Adderall, most recently twice in one day at which may have been associated with eps.

Past Medical Hx: None

Past surgical hx: None

Medications: Adderall

Social Hx: Patient is a freshman in college. He drinks 3-4 drinks over the weekend, denies smoking hx, endorses marijuana use in last month as well as a roommate's Adderall a few times a week.

Family Hx: Thyroid disease - mother, Heart attack 1 year ago - father
[Summary]: 17yo M with 3-4 month hx of heart pounding, episodes last 3-4 min, most recent with pressure sensation in chest and SOB, PMHx none, PSHx none, Meds Adderall, Sx
[Notes]: Pt is a 20 y.o. F c/o headache. Headache started yesterday its the worst headache she has had. Pt has associated nausea and vmitting, with neck pain and photophobia. She has taken tylenol IB profen without relief of symptoms. The pain is dull a nd constatn 10/10. Pt stated she has intermittent fever, no abdominal pain. 

pmhx: none

surghx; none

shx: lives in apartment with friend, no sick contacts, 

fmhx: none

meds: OCP 

Allergies none

vaccinations; up to date from high school
[Summary]: 20yo F with worst headache of her life, associated nausea and vomiting, neck pain and photophobia, 10/10 pain, intermittent fever, no abdominal pain, PMHx none, SHx no sick contacts, FMHx none, Med
[Notes]: 20 yo no PMH here for "really bad" headache - started yesterday morning, diffuse dull ache, getting worse - neck is painful & stiff. nausea & vomited 3 times yesterday - food then green liquid. associated photosensitivity. achy all over & subjective fever. no sick contacts. tried tylenol & advil which did not help. no inciting events. worsened by light, bending over, and movement. no dizziness, weakness, numbness/tingling, blurred vision. has about 1-2 headaches per year, dull aches that go away with tylenol, advil or sleep - never had a headache this severe before.

ROS - no abdominal pain - negative

PMH - none, takes OCPs

FH - mom has migraine HA, dad has high cholesterol 

SH - sales person, smokes 3-4 joints per week; 2-3 beers or wine on weekend (0/4 CAGE); no cigarettes; sexually active with boyfriend, uses condoms & OCPs; LMP 2 weeks ago


[Summary]: 20yo F with worst headache of her life, diffuse dull ache, associated nausea, vomiting, photosensitivity, achy all over, subjective fever, no abdominal pain, PMHx none, FHx mom with migraine HA, dad with
[Notes]: CC: Palpitations

Concern: Getting worse

HPI: Pt is a 26 yo previously healthy F presenting for follow-up from an ER visit due to palpitations. ER visit showed no abnormalities. Palpitations have been present for 5 years, but became worse 3 weeks ago (pt bought condo and then lost job). Pt reports continued palpitations along with SOB, throat feeling tight, nausea, cold clammy feeling afterwards, and a feeling that something terrible may happen. These occur out of the blue, last 15-30 minutues, nothing helps relieve them, and nothing makes them worse. Afterwards completing daily activities can be difficult. 

PMH: yearly ob/gyn visits, healthy

PSH: none

FH: healthy

SH: no tobacco, alcohol, or rec drug use lives alone, looking for a job, sexually active with boyfriend

ROS: Positive SOB, palipitations, nausea during episodes - all else negative
[Summary]: 26yo F with 5 year hx of palpitations, worsened 3 weeks ago, associated SOB, throat tightness, nausea, cold clammy feeling, fear of something terrible happening, PMHx yearly ob/gyn visits, PS
[Notes]: 20 yo f Mr Madden c/o headache. It started suddenly last morning when she got up, is constant, getting progressively worse, located all over her head, dull throbbing, 8/10 in intensity, non radiating, exposure to lights and bending down makes it worse, nothing makes it better. Associated with fever, achiness and stiffness in neck and shoulder area. Had runny nose and scratchy throat since yesterday. On oral contraceptive pills since 2 years. Decreased appetite since yesterday. Vomited 3 times since yesterday comprising of food first, then greesnish, no blood.

ROS: denies head trauma, stresses, weakness, numbness, one sided pain.

Pmhx/Fhx/hospitalisations/surgeries: none 

Allergies NKA NKDA

ObgynHx: LMP 2 weeks ago, regular cycles. Sexually active. 


[Summary]: 20yo F with sudden onset headache, 8/10 dull throbbing, worse with light and bending, associated fever, achiness and stiffness in neck and shoulder, runny nose and scratchy throat, decreased appetite, 3x vomiting, PM
[Notes]: Mrs. Montgomery is a 44 year old female presenting with irregular periods for 3 years. She has 2-6 days of flow that ranges from light to heavy. Her last period was two months ago. She went through menarche at age 14 and her periods have always been regular. She used to have cramping and breast tenderness 2 days before her periods but she has only had these symptoms once in the last three years. She has noticed some hot flashes and woke up one night drenched in sweat. She has no vaginal discomfort or discharge. She has had two uncomplicated vaginal deliveries, the last was 10 years ago. She had a pap smear and mammogram last year and they have never been abnormal. She is unsure of when her mother went through menopause. 



Medical History: Hydrochlorothiazide for hypertension and Copper IUD. No allergies. No surgeries.



Social: Office manager, never smoker, no drugs, rare alcohol on special occasions, sexually active with her husband
[Summary]: 44yo F with irregular periods for 3 years, 2-6 days of light to heavy flow, last period 2 months ago, cramping and breast tenderness 2 days before period, hot flashes, no vaginal discomfort or discharge, 2 uncomplicated
[Notes]: Ms Wicks is a 67 yo F who recently lost her son 3 weeks previously, who came in with the c/o of not being able to sleep. She states that for the past 3 weeks since she has lost her son that she has not been able to  fall asleep or stay asleep. States that duringthe dfay she does does not have enough energy to go about doing activities. She has had visuyal hallucinations of her sone sitting at the table and auditiry hakllucinations of a party next door. She states that she has had family and friends surrounding her that have been very helpfuil during this grieving period. Denies any lost of interst in activities(wants to do them just doent have energy), no guilt, no lost of cognition, no pshyomotor disturbance, no suicidality. States she is weating more and has lkow energy. Ambien 

PMH:HTN, breast cancer s/p remission 10 years, had lumpectomy and appendectomy. no allergies

Med: HTZ and lisinopril

FH: dad: HTN,HLD, mom has depression
[Summary]: 67yo F recently lost her son 3 weeks ago, c/o not being able to sleep, visual and auditory hallucinations, low energy, no lost of interest in activities, no guilt, no lost of cognition, no psychomotor disturbance,
[Notes]: 35 yo male with epigastric pain for 2 months. graduall increasing in frequency now occuring occurng twice a day with each episode lasting 1-2 hrs. associated with nausea but no vomiting. pain is epigastric wihtout radiation. pain is 5/10 intensity and  gnawing /burning in quality. pain was releived by tums at first but now tums have stopped helping. the pain occasionally wakes him  up at night. he has also had melena. he denies weight loss 

PMH: osteoarthritis associated with construction job

shx: none 

meds: tums and motrin 2 pills twice a week

NKDA 

fhx: uncle had a bleeding peptic ulcer 

social: construction worker lives alone smokes 1 PPd for 20 years denies alcohol or drug use diet consists of mainly fast food
[Summary]: 35yo M with epigastric pain for 2 months, increasing in frequency, associated nausea, 5/10 intensity, gnawing/burning, relieved by tums, melena, PMHx osteoarthritis, SHx
[Notes]: Pt is a 35 yo male with no pertient pmhx presenting with 2 months hx of gradually worsening "pain in the middle of my chest." Pt reports first experiencing epigastric pain about 2 months ago. No obvious trigger and seems to be "at random" Pt denies excess spicy or hot food, lying down, or ETOH as exacerbating factors. Pt describes pain as dull and occuring 2x day for about 1 hour. 1-2 Tums pills previously provided some relief but is no longer hugely effective. Pt denies pain radiates or other associated sx. Pt denies aggrevating/alleviating factors. Pt denies n/v, fevers, chills, changes in bowels or recent travel. Pt has not been to a PCP in 8 yrs. Denies nocturnal asthma or burning sensation.

PMH: None

PSH: None

All/Meds: None/Tums

FH: Uncle has hx of bleeding ulcer (H. Pylori?)

Sx: Lives alone locally. Pt consumed 3-4 drinks/week but recently elimated about 2 months ago. Pt smokes 1/2-1PPD since 15 yo. Not sexually active
[Summary]: 35yo M with 2 months hx of gradually worsening epigastric pain, 1-2 hrs duration, dull, no obvious trigger, relieved by Tums, denies n/v, FHx uncle with hx of bleeding ul
[Notes]: Mrs. Wicks is a 67 yo F who presents to the office today with 3 weeks of trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. She notes that she wakes up very early and tosses and turns all night long. Her symptoms began 3 weeks ago, shortly after the unexpected death of her son. She has been taking Ambien before bed the last several nights with no improvement. She has also had poor energy, increased appetite, and decreased interest in the things that she used to enjoy during this time. She also describes seeing and hearing things that she knows are not there, including seeing her son at the kitchen table and hearing the sounds of a party while going to bed one night. She denies feelings of guilt, problems with concentration, psychomotor retardation, and SI/HI. She has no prior psychiatric history. Family history is notable for her mother having a history of depression.
[Summary]: 67yo F with 3 weeks of trouble falling asleep and staying asleep, poor energy, increased appetite, decreased interest in activities, visual and auditory hallucinations, denies guilt, concentration, psychomotor retardation, SI/HI, FHx mother with
[Notes]: Patient is a 67 year old female presenting with trouble sleeping for 3 weeks. Patient states that on january 8th, her son passed away and she feels devastated, and is feeling sad. Patient states she is having touble doing her daily activities and is only doing the basics. She states she tried her friend's ambien and that has not helped her. She continually gets 4-5 hours of sleep every night and feels tired throughout the day. She states she has a support system consitenting of her husband and friends helping her. She also mentioned two hallucinations, 4 days ago she saw her son sitting at the table and also hallcinated about a party her neighbors are having. She doesnt feel interested in many things, no feelings of guiltiness, feels drained, eating more, no suicidal ideation. 

ROS: Negative 

PMH: HTN,

PHS: Laporatomy due to appendix, breast cancer treated with chem, rad, lumpecomy 

MEDS; HCTZ, Ly

All: None 

SH: No alco, smok, dru
[Summary]: 67yo F with 3 weeks of trouble sleeping since the death of her son, ambien not helping, visual and auditory hallucinations, no guilt, no SI/HI, PMHx HTN, PHSx laparotomy, breast cancer,
[Notes]: This is a 35 yo M that presents with epigastric pain and nausea for 2 months, that is worsening. He states that the pain is a burning, gnawing sensation, about 5/10 intensity, and that initially it was relieved by Tums, but not anymore. The pain is non-radiating. He states that he also feels bloated after eating, and that he has increased belching, and dark stools with fatigue for 2 weeks. Denies vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, chest pain. Admits to several stressors in life, including splitting up with his wife as well as stress from work. He takes motrin once per week for back pain and muscle spasms related to his work in construction.

PMH: none

Medications: Motrin once per week, Tums

Family Hx: paternal uncle with bleeding ulcer

SH: 1/2 - 1 PPD for 20 years. Few beers per week usually, but no EtOH in past 2 weeks due to bloating. No recreational drug use.

ROS negative except as above.
[Summary]: 35yo M with epigastric pain and nausea for 2 months, worsening, non-radiating, increased belching, dark stools, fatigue, stressors, PMHx none, Meds Motrin, Tums, FH
[Notes]: HPI: Mrs. Wicks a 67 yo F, c/o of trouble sleeping that started 3 weeks ago when she lost her son on March 19th. She has trouble both falling asleep and staying asleep, has early mornign awakenings, and feeling devastated, tired, has loss of interest and is eating a lot. She denies any feelings of guilt, suicide attempt or plan, no constipation, no diarhhea, no flashbacks of the event. She once saw and heard her deceased son. She does not do any stimulating activities before bed and gets to bed each night at the same time and wakes up at the same time. She denies any hair loss, tremors, excessive caffeine intake, nightmares. Sleep aids did not help. 1 morning coffee, no IV drug abuse, occasional alcohol

ROS: - except as above

PMH: Hypertension, previous breast CA in remission 10 years ago (S/P lumpectomy)

PSH: Lumpectomy for the breast CA, lapartomy for appendicitis

Allergies: NKDA

Meds: HCTZ, lisinopril, sleep aid (Ambient?), S


[Summary]: 67yo F with 3 weeks of trouble sleeping since the death of her son, no SI/HI, PMHx HTN, PHSx laparotomy, breast cancer, Meds HCTZ, Lisinopril, sleep aid
[Notes]: 20 yo F c/o abdominal pain

HPI : onset 8-10 hours, RLQ abd pain, achy and crampy, PS 5/10, no radiated, getting worse, better with ibuprofen, worse with walking, poor appetite, + diarrhea 2-3 d, loose and watery stool, 4-5 times a day, no blood in stool, no mucus.

neg Vaginal discharge, dysuria, fever, headache, nausea, vomiting



+previous similar episodes in the past, same site, characteristic, didnot see a doctor, went away spontaneously

PMH/PSH : neg

neg smoking/ alcohol/ ilicit drug

no sexual intercourse for 9 months

FHX none

no previous hospitallised

normal
[Summary]: 20yo F with 8-10 hours of RLQ abdominal pain, achy and crampy, worse with walking, +diarrhea 2-3 days, no blood or mucus, +previous similar episodes, no PMH/
[Notes]: Ms Edie Whelan is a 26 yr old female presenting with a 3 week history of palpitations. She has about 1-2 per day each lasting 15-30 minutes. She notes starting these symptoms as far back as 5 years ago but they became acutely more frequency 3 weeks ago. Since that time, they have become only about 1 per day. Sense of panic and doom. During these episodes of palpitations shes reports feeling cold and clammy, SOB, throat tightness, nausea without vomiting, and a hot senstation. They are not associated with any physical activity and happen randomly. denies weight change, fever, chills, appetite change, thirst change, or sleep changes but supports fatigue and difficultly concentrating. no significant past medical history, no hospitalizations, surgeries, medications allergies, significant family medical history, doesnt drink alcohol, smoke tobacco, or do drugs. reports recent stressess associated with losing job and moving housing
[Summary]: 26yo F with 3 week history of palpitations, 1-2 per day, 15-30 minutes, sense of panic and doom, cold and clammy, SOB, throat tightness, nausea, no PMH, no drugs
[Notes]: 26 year old female with no pertinent medical history presenting with heart palpitations. Pt reports occasional palpitations for the past 5 years, until 3 weeks ago, when they increased in frequency to several times per day. This lasted until 2 weeks ago, when she endorsed palpitations every couple of days. Presented to the ED several weeks ago. CBC, metabolic paniel, cardiac enzymes and ECG were normal. These palpitations co-occur with feelings of dread; the pt believes that the world will end. They usually last for 30 minutes and subside. The pt endorses impaired concentration during these episodes. The impaired concentraton lasts for the rest of the day. The pt denies any cold intolerance, skin dryness or alopecia. Denies depression, suicidal thoughts, impaired interest. Pt says, "I'm happy."



PMH: None.

PSH- none. 

Medications: none

Psych history - none. 

FH - none.

Social- laid off 2 months ago. Seeking employment




[Summary]: 26yo F with 5 years of occasional palpitations, increased frequency 3 weeks ago, now every couple of days, co-occur with feelings of dread, impaired concentration, no PMH, no meds, no psych hx,
[Notes]: Dillon Cleveland is a 17 yo M with sudden onset intermittent palpitations. He says his chest does not hurt during episode, but has had shortness of breath once 2 days ago when it happened. It has occured first time 2 to 3 months ago. He was not drinking at the time, but was playing basketball once. Denies anxiety or panic attack, however father had MI recently, worrisome. Mother also has "thyroidism." No changes in hearing, fatigue, diarrhea, skin changes, eye widening, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, joint pain, urinary changes. No numbness/tingling or fever.



Fhx: mother hx "thyroidism" unsure if hyper/hypo, Father MI at 51 y old
[Summary]: 17yo M with sudden onset intermittent palpitations, no chest pain, shortness of breath once 2 days ago, father had MI recently, mother hx "thyroidism"
[Notes]: Ms. Whelan is a 26 yo female with no significant past medical history who presents for follow up for palpations. Pt states that first episode occured 5 years ago and started again 3 weeks ago. After two weeks patient went to the ED and had a full cardiac work up which was normal. During that time, she had associated numbness in her fingers. Last episode of palpatation occured yesterday. She cannot identify any tiggers. Palpatations last 15-30 minutes. Shes denies chest pain, vomiting, coughing, abdominal pain, weakness, or tingling. She reports associated shortness of breath, throat tightness, and cold clammy sensation in her fingers. She denies joint pain



ROS: negative except for above 

medications: none

allergies: none 

pmhx: none

pshx: none

fhx: parents alive and well 

social: lost job 2 months ago, no drug use, no alcohol, does not smoke, walks a few times a week, eats a balanced diet
[Summary]: 26yo F with 5 year hx of palpitations, increased frequency 3 weeks ago, associated numbness in fingers, no chest pain, shortness of breath, throat tightness, cold clammy sensation in fingers, no PMH,